Welcome back to our channel, where we provide updates and exclusive insights on Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. We are pleased to announce the following news:

The last, most desperate appeal Princess Diana made was to the one royal she could never win over – Princess Anne. She did this by putting the letter in an envelope that had been sealed and stored for more than a quarter of a century. There was no repentance in the letter, no confession. It was a political move, a pre-emptive attack against the impending downfall of the royal family, a veiled plea for the future of the kingdom to be handed over to her nemesis. Now that the contents of the document have been published we can address the question – was Princess Anne an undercover villain or the covert keeper of Diana’s legacy all along?

The year 2024 began with the air in the Essex auction house heavy with the scent of old paper and history handed down through the years. It was a morning that would change the story of the House of Windsor forever and auctioneer James Parker was there to witness it. He’d been in the business of handling expensive items for years, and his hands were mostly sure, but suddenly they trembled as he looked over the contents of a dusty box that seemed rather commonplace. He'd been in the high-end things industry for years.  Inside there was one envelope, a cream colored envelope that had been sealed shut. It was buried among the bland thank you notes and the pleasant correspondence. There was something incredibly profound about this envelope. Not only did it have the well-known royal letterhead of Kensington Palace, but the beautiful and flowing calligraphy of Diana, Princess of Wales. This was the most important part of the phrase in a straightforward way. But the most astounding piece of information was received by Her Royal Highness, The Princess Royal. Anne, Princess Royal.

But the royal souvenir in question was not an ordinary object. A ghost for twenty-six years, the letter had remained since Diana’s sad death in a Paris underpass in 1997. There was a public indifference and a private seclusion and this mute monument was a testimony to that love. Indeed this letter had been in the possession of three separate owners in suspended animation, and the message it bore had been purposely withheld. It was nothing like the Princess’s earlier letters, which had been more traditional, and sold and traded and pored over ad infinitum from the very beginning. Its latest owner is a retired banker, Thomas Henderson, who bought it in 2001 from someone who had worked for the royal family but whose identity has not been revealed, either out of reverence or fear. He had done so in order to preserve the integrity of the paper.

Meanwhile the news of the find trickled down through the higher echelons of royal historians and biographers, and a host of professionals converged on the little English town. One of them was the famed historian Sarah Matthews, who was known for her forensic studies into Diana's letters. She was one of the party. She instantly found a characteristic in the letter which separated it from the rest. This envelope was in superb shape unlike some of the other documents that showed the tell-tale signs of age, such as faded writing, worn edges and the minor wrinkles that came with repeated use. Other manuscripts revealed these obvious signs of aging. Matthews told his other scientists some time later that it was “perfectly preserved, as if it had been sealed just yesterday.” The mystery deepened when a little wax seal, in a deep red color, was found on the back of it. And rather than the normal royal crest, the seal used Diana’s own cipher. This was a specific of significant importance on account of its significance. This particular seal was apparently preserved by Princess Diana for her most confidential, delicate and urgent letters, palace sources said at the time. This was information from sources associated with the palace. It would be more accurate to say that the contents were designed not for the organization, but for the man himself. That was a pretty obvious clue. It was a message that was conveyed from one lady to another to get past the rigorous limitations that The Firm put in place.

A TELEPHONE DISCLOSURE THAT DID NOT WORK

When they finally opened the envelope, very carefully and under controlled conditions, its contents were more explosive than anyone could have ever imagined. In later years Diana's writing was frequently shot through with angry, disordered sentences. But this area lacked all these characteristics. It was written in the early part of 1997, just a few months before the horrible vehicle disaster that ultimately transpired. The words, however, were written, chillingly lucid and chillingly predictive from the start. It was no appeal for friendship, nor an apology for transgressions of old. It was a political statement. There was a manifesto on parenting.

In the golden cage of Kensington Palace Diana was writing on the future of the monarchy. In 1997, it would have seemed an alarmist, even absurd, notion to those who did not share this view. She was writing about an institution on the brink of becoming irrelevant that would have to make a big shift if it was not to be washed away by the ever expanding downpour of a media that is harsh and the shifting expectations of the general public. She writes about this org . She saw a society where the customary reverence had been shattered and where the monarchy would live not on the basis of tradition, but on its ability to communicate with the people on a human level. She envisaged this as the sort of society in which the monarchy would be able to relate to the people on a personal basis. This quality had been the occasion of all the acclaim and damnation she had ever gotten in her life.

It’s just that she was startlingly good at interpreting. She spoke of the great and dreadful responsibility that would fall to her sons – William and Harry – and what it would do to them. She also discussed the effects it may have on them. Her greatest concern was that they would be caught between the rigid, inflexible weight of the Crown and the chaotic, invasive light of modern stardom. She was scared of being trapped between the two of them. She had that dreadful mother clarity and recognized the numerous routes they would have to go. One would take their tasks seriously, the other would find a way to get around it. This prophecy was a forecast of the very discord which characterizes the royal family today.

But the most wonderful thing about the letter was the way she talked to Anne, serious and straightforward. In the end, after years of barely concealed fury and a relationship that was a study in contrasts of personality and principle, Diana turned to her sister-in-law for comfort. She could see the huge disparities between them, but nevertheless appreciated Anne's perseverance, her allegiance to the Crown, her incredible endurance. And suddenly I found the passage I sought. As the hazards increased, Diana formally begged Anne to “look after the boys” if anything should happen to her. This was not an attempt to play to sentimentality at all. She had a lady who knew the brutal mechanics of the system, but who had somehow managed to carve out her own little niche within it, and she was the one person in the family that she felt was incorruptible. It was a deliberate passing on to that person. She thought no member of the family could ever be dishonest.

With this letter arriving now, the problem has taken on an air of terrible urgency. By 1997, Diana was more than just a battered wife or fashion icon. She progressed further than either of these positions. She had become a tremendous humanitarian force in the world, just by force of will. Her fight against landmines – which ended in her legendary, world-stopping walk through a minefield in Angola – had made her a figure in politics. She crossed the minefield in the most amazing manner. But it also, as she knew well, had the effect of empowering her lethal competitors. in the letter she hinted that her work took her into dangerous locations and into confrontation with vested interests who were not happy with her influence. She also said she was confronted by the individuals. “The letter shows a political savvy in Diana that is often not appreciated,” said Dr James Bennett, a historian of the Royal Family. She understood the game. She knew that her activism was not just charity work, it was a danger to the existing quo, and she was preparing for the fallout.” Princess Diana’s message to Anne was the ultimate contingency plan from a woman who believed her time was running out.

Hostile Attitude Based on a Sense Of Obligation

To grasp the power of Diana's plea to Anne is to understand the immense and impassable wall that had stood between them for almost twenty years. It was the distance that had separated them for nearly twenty years. The war between them was a war of generations, ideas, the very core of their being. The postwar period was the crucible in which the Queen’s only daughter, Princess Anne, was shaped into the woman she is now. She was a product of the way things were in the past, austere, diligent and very secretive. She was well known for her hate of the press and her tendency to show her feelings in public. That is, she was a child of the golden age. Lady Pamela Hicks, a relative of Prince Philip and someone who has known the Royal Family all her life, described Anne's work ethic as "relentless". She was and is the very personification of the Windsor motto: “Never complain, never explain”. She had to do unglamorous but vital duties during the day, like opening hospitals, watching military parades, attending civic functions. She didn't see the role she took on as an act, but as a service for other people.

Diana Spencer’s first exposure to this climate of rigid discipline and emotional control was in 1981. The woman is extremely enthusiastic about stuff. And as for Anne, she was the exact opposite of what Anne stood for. At that time Diana was a joyful and extroverted person, quite unlike Anne. To Anne duty was a silent necessity; to Diana, a theatre for interaction. Anne believed duty was a quiet thing. And it has been thoroughly rewired by her natural understanding of emotional politics, her readiness to hug AIDS victims, her willingness to cry with the bereaved, her ability to speak truthfully about her own personal weaknesses. The reason being she was there. She was not only a princess but the star of a national tour that went across the world and the audience was totally enraptured by her.

Palace personnel who were there at the time said Anne had one immediate and highly frustrating effect as a direct result of the occurrence. Suddenly the years of hard labor by Anne, the cornerstone of the family’s public service, were relegated to inner pages. Diana was all anyone wanted. New clothing. New hairdo. That was the front page. Anne starting at a new school was a footnote,” said former royal reporter James Milton. The tension was tangible. The body language was speaking volumes in the official pictures. Friendly smiles that never reached the eyes, and a careful, deliberate distance between them.

The break was due to a personal insult to the individual. When Prince William was born in 1982, there was a royal custom and family expectation that Anne, whose own son Peter had Prince Charles as his godfather, would be chosen as a godmother to the future king. Then came the ascension of Prince William to the throne. Anne was to be godmother of Prince William. It was an act of faith and solidarity in a symbolic form. It was a show of support. The greatest indication of confidence is to be a godparent to a direct heir. “It means you are viewed as a moral and constitutional guide,” says royal author Sarah Bradford. Diana, in a stunning break with tradition, picked her own close friends, those who had shown her personal kindness. Anne was not involved in a way that was both conspicuous and publicly visible. The second occurrence of the insult was demonstrated when Prince Harry was born, two years after the first case.

Anne’s response was a classic case of passive-aggressive behavior. She was a no show for Harry’s christening. That was a big gap. Officially she had a prior engagement, a hunting trip to her country estate, Gatcombe Park. Her farmhouse was called Gatcombe Park. But the message was clear: if Diana could flout convention, so could she. And thus was made a declaration of war against the cold. After that, their lives took a completely different turn than they had expected. At the same time that Diana became increasingly isolated from her family, she built her own court and cultivated her own relationship with the public and the press. Ultimately this led in her giving explosive interviews and authoring tell-all novels. Anne for her part withdrew even more deeply into her unshowy and stern world of obligation. Diana stood for a more modern, human and accessible crown while Anne defended austerity and the hallowed traditions of the monarchy. The two were the embodiments of two ideas that were in direct conflict to each other on the monarchy. Anne was the patron saint of the customs upheld by the monarchy. 

Kensington Palace is the prophet for the nation.

The Princess was now working with a feverish urgency to complete her task. Diana's private secretary, Patrick Jephson, noticed a marked change in her behaviour at the start of spring 1997. She had always been a hardworking letter writer. Her handwriting was often elegant, but had a rushed air about it, as if she was trying to beat a clock she could not see. 'There was a terrible sense of foreboding in the palace,' said Ken Williams, a former Royal Protection Officer who was on her detail during those last months. Williams was on her detail throughout those difficult months. It was not unusual for him to find her at the start of the night, with only the light of her desk lamp illuminating a study that was stacked with mounds of already sealed envelopes.

Not the kind of notes she usually left. The letters, as far as we know, contained a variety of information including warnings, secrets and what appeared to be last instructions. It is well known that she wrote a letter to her butler and confidant, Paul Burrell, in which she described 'evil forces' at work and chillingly predicted that she would die in a car accident. Paul Burrell received the letter. Another letter to a close friend, Lucia Flecha de Lima, wife of the Brazilian ambassador, revealed that important people had expressed the wish to 'shut her up'. Another letter was addressed to her.

But the letter that was sent to Anne was not the same as the letter that was drafted on her behalf. This one was different from the other notes in that it had no paranoia, as in the Burrell note, and also a certain clarity of strategy. This was a profound and almost intellectual knowledge of the institutional constraints to which her sons would be exposed when they were born. She did not speak of the general concerns of a mother but of the “strict royal rules”, of the “never-ending public attention” and the psychological burden of having to “always appear perfect”. These were not the general concerns of a mother, but the precise diagnosis of a woman who had spent 15 years inside the machine and knew exactly where its gears would grind the hardest. Here are the subjects she wrote about. After some time, her sister, Lady Sarah McCorquodale, admitted that Diana had been weighed down by her anxieties about her future. She was under the notion that the monarchy was in the middle of an existential crisis, and she was worried that her sons would be caught in the carnage that would be the result of the tragedy. 

Her choice of Anne as the recipient of this important trust was a stroke of genius in the face of conventional thinking. But Diana said that Jephson had been able to see Anne from a distance for some time. They hated each other personally, but she had come to grudgingly appreciate the Princess Royal's sincerity. This was despite a harsh relationship. Anne possessed something that was quite unique among members of the Windsor dynasty; she had an unwavering certainty about one's own identity. She knew it in Anne. Diana was highly emotionally intelligent as well. Perhaps she looked up to Anne’s ability to stay calm in the face of pressure, as Diana herself had a hard time in the spotlight with issues like a divorce. But Anne was still doing the constitutional tasks that had been given to her, and her integrity had not been in any way compromised. Diana didn’t want Anne to be a surrogate mother, but she did want her to be an institutional ballast, a guide who would help William and Harry stay afloat in the dangerous currents of royal life, and still give them the chance to be themselves. Diana did not ask Anne to be a surrogate mum. It was a freedom that Anne herself had always appreciated passionately throughout her whole life. 

Moreover, the letter laid the groundwork for her humanitarian activities by connecting them to the broader objective that was being pursued. She wrote to Anne, sending her a letter telling her of her adventures in Angola and Bosnia. She framed her landmine campaign not merely as a cause but as her desire to leave a significant legacy “beyond being a princess.” Still, she knew the precariousness of the context in which she was operating. When she told Anne that she got the feeling that she was being watched, she stated she had noticed weird clicks and silences on her telephone calls as well as cars that seemed to be following her. Anne had the feeling that she was being watched. But her tone was not one of fear, but of iron determination. Diana had discovered her voice in the start of 1997. She was no longer the sum of her marriage, she was a power in her own right on the global stage. But very dangerous was that authority." Her last words to Anne were not words of despair, but of optimism.  Veteran BBC Royal journalist Jennie Bond said: "Diana had found her voice again. She hoped much that the family will be able to progress, that her sons will be able to combine their responsibilities with their personal satisfaction and that her cautions will be taken seriously. At the very end she added a small, scary postscript that read: Time will tell, I am correct.

A legacy of shattered coronets

More than a quarter century after the initial prophesy was spoken, the words still resonate with the irrefutable power of fulfilled prophecy. Look at the lives of Prince William and Prince Harry and you will see the exact division that Diana foresaw put naked for the world to witness. You can see this. This is.  Anne’s letter adds a new chapter to the Diana story, but it also demands a reconsideration of the direction the monarchy has taken since Diana’s death and the part that Princess Anne has played in it, a quiet and enigmatic part. This is because the letter was written from Diana to Anne.

Today William is the heir presumptive to the throne, the perfect image of the modernising king Diana imagined throughout her life.  His marriage to commoner Catherine Middleton and his deliberate efforts to give his children a feeling of normality, including school runs and public shows of affection, are clear echoes of Diana’s own mother philosophy. Catherine Middleton, a normal person, was purposefully wedded by him. His marriage to Middleton was to a plebeian. He’s been quite successful in marrying the weight of tradition with a much more approachable, 21st century applicable attitude. Sources close to the family think Anne may have played a ‘unobtrusive but important’ role in the tough years after Diana’s death. Or so say family insiders. Anne’s silence on Diana doesn’t change the reality that she discreetly stood with William’s desire to modernize the life of the royals. Often she found herself defending his beliefs against more traditional views held by others at covert family get-togethers. It was reported by a former palace employee who spoke on condition of anonymity. It was a hidden, unrecognized fulfillment of a promise she wouldn’t have obtained formally. It was fulfilling their promise to her.

Harry's way of going on has been the very embodiment of Diana's fears, sharper, perhaps more explicit. It was the precise circumstances to which his mother referred in her letter which brought about his shock retirement from royal duties in 2020, his relocation to the United States of America with Meghan Markle and his open criticism of the institution. But Anne's response to the public was a deafening silence, not an outraged cry. She spoke about the possibility that one day one of her sons could have to “choose freedom instead of duty.” The rest of the family responded with a mixture of wrath and despair, but Anne’s response was unusually silent. Royal historian Eleanor Bradford told the Telegraph: “It was fascinating that Anne refused to condemn or publicly support Harry. “She just went on with her work. It was a textbook in institutional neutrality, but it might also be read as a calm comprehension of the circumstances that had led him to his conclusion – the very pressures Diana had warned her about.”

And then there is the question of how the monarchy is going to come to terms with the existential questions which Diana presented. The toughest fights King Charles has had to fight throughout his reign have been the battles over relevance, the continuing skirmishes with the media and the gap between public expectation and private life. He has had a few of major obstacles during his term. It is more vulnerable, more weak, more vulnerable than it has ever been and it may be under more scrutiny than it has ever been. Anne's legendary work ethic is more vital than ever before, for an odd twist of fate has made her a key pillar of this lesser realm. Ann’s work ethic has been more critical than ever. Those who know her say she has been a quiet force for the very modernism Diana championed, more emphasis on real humanitarian work and less on needless grandeur. She has been an enthusiast of modernism. She has kept true to her pragmatic, no-nonsense posture of the past, but has been a major driver in modernizing many spheres of society.

The letter Diana penned – kept in a climate-controlled room at the British Library – is more than a historical artifact. This room makes it safe.” It is the Rosetta Stone for those who want to gain an insight into the present Windsor dynasty, it is the missing piece of the puzzle. The device changes the story of two powerful women, turning a basic competition into a complicated drama of misunderstood intentions and a frantic, last-minute effort to save the future. That’s what happens when you turn a basic contest into a complex drama. Diana didn’t consider Anne as an enemy in the latter months of her life. She saw Anne as the only honest broker in a system she was no longer trusting. This shows, it seems, that Diana does not see Anne as an opponent. Probably the worst thing that could have happened was that her warning, provided privately, was not understood properly until what she had predicted had already happened. She would abandon the shattered empire she had seen so clearly on the horizon for her sons to guide through. They would be in charge then.

Thanks for viewing the video! What do you think about this? Let us know your thoughts and see you in a future video!
