Welcome back to our channel, where we provide updates and exclusive insights on Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. We are pleased to announce the following news:

Prince William has revealed the existence of a sister, or rather a royal princess who has lived all her life away from the spotlight. This information was revealed by Prince William when he was alive. This disclosure destroys the fragile fabric of the existing Windsor family and exposes a secret held hidden for more than three decades in what the Prince of Wales calls a desperate act of protection. Now it is finally possible to tell the narrative of her hiding and what her emergence means for the future of the crown. “This is a historic moment. The last year has been the hardest in his life and, weighed down by this knowledge, the Prince of Wales told the press in South Africa he was 'proud of both of them' - a cryptic statement that today has earth-shattering meaning. This was the confession of a Prince of Wales who was clearly moved by the circumstances. This, he said in his comments to the media.

They say there is a ghost at Windsor mansion.

The most important thing to be found in the over-decorated theatre of the British monarchy is the script. Over a thousand years ago, the succession line was a tale that was carefully built for public consumption. It is a story, told from father to son. This story has always been about power, responsibility and the fight to survive. But there were always pages left unwritten, behind the velvet curtains and the walls of the palace. These chapters brim with secrets deemed too dangerous and too human for the hallowed mystique of the Crown. A secret princess is revealed, who also happens to be the sister of the future King of England. Not a family story, but a seismic jolt to the very roots of the institution. And it was then that the princess was found. Hence the pact between the monarchy and its subjects must be re-examined. The illusion of continuity and appropriateness was carefully regulated and masterfully manufactured to produce this ‘agreement’.

This whirlwind is being driven by a lady by the name of Claire who is currently in her late twenties. She is the woman at the center of this mess. Her face bore a number of lump-like growths, the result of an exceedingly rare medical ailment present from birth. They were not the malignant kind of tumor. It was not life-threatening for the Prince of Wales but was visually amazing, according to sources close to the Prince of Wales. When the tabloids were at their most savage in the 1990s, the decision was made to keep her out of the public eye altogether. This was a decision taken in the spotlight of the media which was at its height during that decade. The decision may seem surprising to a modern audience, but royal family historians believe it was the product of a century’s worth of horrific events. The Windsors knew better than anyone how the press could weaponize every perceived fault. William has said it was not an act of shame but a desperate endeavor, some of which may have been wrong, to give a child a life away from the terrible circus of public attention.

This act of concealment is reminiscent of a darker and more tragic period in the family's history: the story of Prince John, King George V's youngest son. Born in 1905, Prince John suffered from severe epilepsy and was hidden from the public eye during a time when his condition was poorly understood and stigmatized. This chapter is very much the story of Prince John. He had lived a happy life on the Sandringham estate till he died aged just 13. The 21st century's objectives were concerned with media domination rather than medical incompetence, yet the resemblance is nonetheless unsettling. Both examples shine a light on one of the cardinal Windsor impulses, which is to safeguard the institution, sometimes referred to as the “Firm,” by lopping off any branches that threaten to undermine the main stem of the tree.

Constitutional law experts are now trying to figure out exactly what that means. Though Claire's condition would not have disqualified her from the line of succession under the constitution, her existence has a substantial effect on the publicly available record. For a number of decades, the general public was under the impression that Queen Elizabeth II had four children, eight grandchildren and a clear and well-established line of succession to the throne. She had eight grandchildren as well. The abrupt emergence of a new princess, no matter how far down the line, raises major questions about the right to a private life of the monarchy and the transparency of the royal royal family. Doesn't matter how far out it is. The choice to hide her away was a gamble, a bet that the possibility of a private serenity was preferable to the danger of an open eruption later on. Now the moment has arrived for that explosion, and Prince William, who is widely seen as the steadiest hand of the generation that will follow him, has been compelled to light the fuse.

The magical story that made a princess die

To get a sense of the huge pressure that led to such a spectacular secret it is essential to go back to the crucible that was responsible for the building of the present royal media frenzy – the marriage of Charles and Diana. This is because the marriage of Charles and Diana was the spark for the creation of the frenzy. Their marriage was never just a marriage; it was a national enterprise, a calculated union designed to guarantee the survival of the House of Windsor for many centuries to come. Born in 1948, the Prince of Wales had lived his entire life in a gilded cage, laboring towards a future he seemed increasingly uncertain of. He had been preparing for this destiny all his life. He was a kind and educated man, who often seemed weighed down by the heavy responsibilities of his position. He was a man who thought more of others than of himself. He was the first heir to earn a degree through his studies at a degree-granting university. By the late 1970s, the pressure to marry and have children was becoming unbearable. The perfect candidate had to be a virgin, a member of the nobility, and a follower of the Protestant faith. This was in compliance with the historical prohibitions imposed by the court.

This treacherous terrain was the setting for the arrival of Lady Diana Spencer (aka Diana Spencer). She was a young, stunning and from an aristocratic family that was above reproach and had excellent relations to the Royal family.  She was the ideal candidate, the perfect option in principle. She had been the victim of a bitter divorce between her parents and this had created in her a deep desire for the love and security she felt had been denied her. She had known the Queen for many years and even called her, affectionately, ‘Aunt Lilibet’. But her own upbringing was scarred by her parents’ divorce. Charles had dated her older sister Sarah briefly before turning his attention to the shy nineteen-year-old Diana. Diana was catapulted into a world of turmoil for which she was completely unprepared. Sarah had been betrothed to Charles for a brief time.

Under the watchful eye of the world press, their relationship was a highly stage-managed affair, involving attendance at banquets in palaces and weekends in the countryside. All of this was done to keep the press focused on their romance. The media went into a frenzy instantly that lasted quite some time and it was great. Throughout the period that Diana was chased and photographed at every move, her life became a topic of public discussion and analysis. Sources said this aggressive and predatory monitoring is why Prince Philip, Charles's notoriously vocal father, pushed his son to make up his mind. This was why he did these things, he said. In a letter he encouraged Charles to propose to Diana or release her before the association did irreparable damage to her reputation. He thought it would be better. Charles had suggested was dragged down by the obligations his father expected of him and the duties he had to perform. This was done on 6th February 1981.

The engagement interview that followed turned out to be a terrible bit of foreshadowing that had been there all along. When asked by a reporter if they were in love, Diana instantly replied with a heartfelt "Of course," while the beaming Prince Charles looked away and added the now-infamous words, "Whatever 'in love' means." It was a moment of profound and public emotional dissonance, a crack in the fairy-tale facade that would soon shatter completely. The planet so badly wanted a love affair that it decided to disregard it. It was a pageant of imperial magnificence staged on 29 July 1981, seen by hundreds of millions of people around the world. That day was their wedding day. As she walked down the aisle of St. Paul's Cathedral, Diana had the appearance of being the personification of a fantasy. And yet even at the altar she was obviously violating the authority of the church. She purposefully opted to reverse the order of Charles’ many names, and she didn’t make the customary vow to “obey” him. This was a breakthrough step for the time period. It was a significant hint of her aspiration to be a different kind of queen, albeit on a very limited scale.

Fantasy was not long reality after being dreamed. Finally, Diana was dealt a heartbreaking blow when she learned that Charles is still emotionally attached to his former love, Camilla Parker Bowles. Diana was devastated by this news. The disclosure was made in secret after the doors were closed. Those in the know have been talking for quite some time about a bracelet Charles commissioned for Camilla just before the wedding, engraved with their intimate nicknames, Gladys and Fred, with the initials G and F. It’s been a long time since the moment she found out about the bracelet. It is said that Diana felt a rising sense of dread on the honeymoon when she saw Charles wearing cufflinks that were a gift from Camilla. These cufflinks were a present from Camilla. The cufflinks, a set of interlocking “C’s,” indicated a bond she could not sever. The terror that was dawning crept all over her body, for she realised that the man she had married had never been really hers.

Three hearts are at war.

The marriage soon deteriorated into a private conflict that became public only after it was revealed. Diana's exile in the chilly institution of the monarchy and her inability to cope with the huge responsibilities of her new role, left her suffering from acute bulimia and periods of deep depression. She also found it difficult to deal with being a part of the royal family. While pregnant with William, she is said to have thrown herself down a staircase at Sandringham in a bid to reach someone who could help her. Help was desperately asked for. While she wasn’t injured physically, the incident, which she subsequently described as a premeditated act, revealed the extent of the mental agony she was undergoing. She could not help feeling that she was being disregarded, that she was unwanted, that she was shut up in a loveless union, although it was certain that the heart of her husband was with another woman.

In this case the woman she was talking about was Camilla Parker Bowles. Their relationship was founded on a sense of humor and interests shared by both, yet it was a profound and enduring devotion, pushed into the background by the limitations of royal duty but never extinguished. The link had been in existence for five years before the birth of Diana. Charles used Camilla as a touchstone, confidante and the only person who knew the burden of his inheritance. Camilla was the only one who knew how much he had inherited. She was a constant, threatening presence that poisoned every part of Diana's life. Her marriage had earned her the nickname 'the third person'. Diana termed her ‘the third person’. The public had acquired affections for the Princess of Wales and allied with Diana in a considerable and almost universal manner. Diana, the wronged, lovely wife, used to refer to her as "the third person". She was the victim of the scenario. Camilla was cast as a scheming villainess who breaks apart homes in a national drama. Camilla was recruited to play the part.

Diana did not play the part of a defenseless victim as she should have done. She managed to forge a fresh method to redefine her royal responsibilities by drawing on the misery she was feeling. Diana did something that was unthinkable at the time, during the AIDS pandemic which was spreading fear and hatred around the globe. She defied the prevalent idea that the disease could be transmitted by physical contact by making trips to hospitals, sitting on the beds of men who were near death and holding their hands. She did this to try to challenge the dominant belief. “HIV does not make people dangerous to know,” she said. Her deeds shouted more than any policy statement ever could have tried to express. Her actions shouted louder than ever. The Queen said: "You can shake their hands and give them a hug. "Diana was able to relate to the general public on a personal and emotional basis, and as a consequence they loved her enormously. It was a stark break from the Queen’s usually traditionally modest and conventional attitude to duty. There were even times when her popularity may eclipse that of her husband and the whole royal family. She was immensely popular. This only served to widen the rift with Charles, who commentators on the royal family say felt increasingly overshadowed and uncomfortable with the situation. This just made the divide even worse for these commentators.

The year 1989 was a landmark year in the history of mankind. Diana was talking to her enemy, in plain language, at a gathering to celebrate Camilla's sister's fortieth birthday. Diana thought she had nothing to lose and went to her rival. "I know what's going on between you and Charles and I just want you to know that... Don't treat me like an idiot," Diana warned Camilla coolly but firmly in the encounter which revealed the truth the palace had been trying with all its effort to conceal. Those on the scene at the time of the incident have given eyewitness reports of a period of amazing tension during the clash. At length it was found out that the marriage was a fake. In the following years there was a steady stream of routinely occurring scandals. The infamous “Tampongate” tapes came out, confirming the worst fears of the populace. The tapes were recordings of private phone conversations between Charles and Camilla obtained by trickery. These records were humiliating to the Prince. Feeling trapped and betrayed, Diana worked privately with writer Andrew Morton on the publication of the controversial book Diana: Her True Story. This book detailed Diana’s attempts at suicide, her eating disorders, and the tremendous dissatisfaction she felt with her life as a princess. By now it was the norm, the War of the Waleses splashed over the front page of every newspaper in the world.

The throne of the Queen and the throne of the King who rules the realm

The society had been proclaimed a state of emergency. The impression that the monarchy was a stable and morally authoritative institution gradually declined. On 9th December 1992 the Prime Minister Mr John Major officially told the House of Commons that the Prince and Princess of Wales were starting divorce procedures. This was the last of the things that had happened, but not the least. The divorce, finalized in 1996, created a constitutional minefield. The Church of England, of which the queen is the Supreme Governor, was unequivocally against the institution of divorce. To make matters worse, the notion of a future monarch remarrying while his prior spouse was still alive was laden with plenty of problems. On the other hand the intensity of the personal enmity had risen to a level where it was hard to keep within bounds.

A TV documentary disclosed that Charles had been unfaithful. Charles’s hope was that he would be seen in a better light by the public by taking part in the documentary. It was a confession with reservations, it was an attempt to explain his conduct, but to many it was evidence of his treachery. Asked if he had been faithful to Diana, he said: "Yes... until it was irretrievably broken down, both of us trying." This was a confession of sorts. Diana’s riposte was an explosive television interview on BBC’s Panorama programme. She made the celebrated remark in the course of this interview: 'Well, there were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.' She also raised questions about Charles's fitness to be king, a direct threat to the line of succession.

In August of 1997, a horrible incident happened in Paris when Diana died. This event changed EVERYTHING. At the same time as there was a worldwide outpouring of grief the like of which had never been witnessed before, there was also a tangible fury directed at the Royal family and the press. Because of that, Charles, a single dad to two grieving sons, was pushed aside. It appeared unthinkable that one could wed Camilla at one point. The common people could never forgive the lady they held responsible for Diana’s misery, even though they canonized her after death. And even Queen Elizabeth II took a while to warm up, as evidenced by her infamous hesitation to attend the celebration of Charles’s 50th birthday, because Camilla would be there.

That said, Charles and Camilla played a long game, executing a carefully thought out plan of slowly and slowly reintroducing themselves to the public. They did it in a careful and thoughtful way. By 2000 the Queen had been in public with Camilla and that was an indication that things were starting to change. The story was developed from scratch, slowly and carefully. When Camilla was introduced, she was introduced as the steadfast, honest woman who had been Charles’s support for a lot of years, not as a mistress. The couple finally tied the knot in the year 2007, when the year commemorated the year in a low-key civil ceremony. Camilla was given the title of Duchess of Cornwall so as not to use the possibly controversial title of Princess of Wales so closely identified with Diana. That was a choice that was made intentionally from the very beginning. Queen Elizabeth II gave her royal blessing at her Platinum Jubilee address in 2022. It was a last act of reconciliation and a proof of her ability to plan ahead. She said she had a 'sincere want' Camilla to be acknowledged as Queen Consort when Charles became king. It was, she said, her ‘sincere wish’ and was both a final act of reconciliation and a moment of forward planning. The Queen took this final and decisive move to ensure the future stability of her son's realm. This was the last step leading to the conclusion. In the second half of that year, Charles III ascended the throne with the help of Queen Camilla on his way to the top of the empire. It was the final act of a love tale that had once threatened to topple the kingdom.

A new generation has been born, yet an old hurt remains.

The generational conflict they experience leaves visible scars on their children, scars that are deep and visible in their lives. These scars are known as “ generational scars . ” There are allegations that Prince William had a tough and acrimonious relationship with his step-siblings, particularly with Laura Parker Bowles, who was Camilla ’ s daughter. This is particularly the case with Laura Parker Bowles. This was down to the fact that Prince William was extremely sensitive of his mother's memories. In the biography she wrote, Katie Nicholl described the arguments that raged between the two of them in their teenage years. Their parents have reunited with each other since then, but the emotional ramifications of their parents' dispute will continue to have an affect on their formative years. "Your father has ruined my life," Laura would say. William would say that it was Camilla who had given the "hurt to his mother," and Laura would say that he caused the hurt.

It is important to note that William's eventual decision to divulge that he has a sister, Claire, is placed in this context of a history of dispute and media intrusion. As a brother and now as the Prince of Wales he would want above all to do all he can to protect his mother, having seen his parents’ marriage torn apart in public and having witnessed the way the media tormented his mother to death. He would do this for he was Prince of Wales. Having witnessed the machine in its most horrific state, he is ready to do whatever it takes to stop another family member from being ground into the gears of the machine. He is ready to do just that because he has first hand familiarity with the machine. A crucial turning point has been reached with the recent decision by Claire to come out into the open on her own terms. It was a well choreographed and executed moment for her first public appearance when she stood next to Prince William at a royal charity event. Her statement was that she would not be defined by her disability or by the historical cover-up that her family had committed but by her own strength. She was doing her statement to make a statement. individuals in the palace who have been briefed on her thinking say she wants to become a champion for body acceptance and for individuals struggling with distinctive disorders. That would change the narrative of concealment into one of empowerment.

The finding, by contrast, leaves the monarchy in an exposed position ripe for attack. This raises the ominous question of what else is buried. In this day and age, when citizen journalism and social media is so prevalent, the palace's capacity to exert control over the narrative is more inadequate than it has ever been before. The dramatic public separation between Prince William and his brother Prince Harry, and Harry’s absence from royal duties with his wife Meghan Markle, have already shown fundamental divisions within the family. Kate, Meghan and the Princess of Wales are said to have fallen out over something as trivial as a bridesmaid’s dress. But those conflicts have grown into a trans-Atlantic war of words that has split the older generation.

There is a decision that has to be taken by Prince William, who will take over from his father as king at some point in the future. By shining a light on his sister’s narrative, he is hopeful that he’ll be able to close a terrible chapter and re-invent the monarchy for a new age. He hopes that this new era will succeed in finding a balance between duty and a measure of honesty and compassion that was denied his mother. He figures it's doable. But his activities have also highlighted the remarkable and almost unbelievable lengths to which the organization is prepared to go to defend itself. The story of the hidden princess, a testament to both of these qualities, reveals both the enduring power of the Crown and the tragic human toll of wearing it. These two qualities are both represented by the tale. Now the whole world is waiting to see if this last shocking bombshell will finally free the House of Windsor or if it will be the one that proves that the carefully preserved image of the House of Windsor is nothing but a fairy tale that it can no longer afford to tell. The whole globe is looking for these two.

Thanks for viewing the video! What do you think about this? Let us know your thoughts and see you in a future video!
