Welcome back to our channel, where we share updates and untold stories about Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. Today, we bring you some news:

Thomas Markle Jr. launched his most terrible attack of his life, brutally attacking his sister in public, shattering Montecito's carefully crafted serenity. This attack broke Montecito's carefully maintained silence. These assaults were his worst crimes. This was his cruellest attack in his career. However, this was not just another shot in the family's long war. A terrible prophecy was addressed at Prince Harry. A filthy prophecy. The post implied Meghan Markle had wounded her family and would soon hurt the Duke of Sussex. The message was conveyed in several ways. This message was visible and understandable worldwide. He then painted a horrific, precise picture of a woman he believes the world has never seen. After building this picture of the prince, he cautioned that his estrangement is only beginning to show.

When they eventually got away, the words they shouted were not just angry; they were full of a theatrical, almost Shakespearean, wrath that was calculated to have the most destructive effect that could be imagined. Thomas Jr. spoke into a camera, “Meghan Markle, the stain of humanity,” his voice pouring with a venom that seems to have been built up over the course of many years. Meghan Markle is the stain of humanity.” “Meghan Markle, the stain of humanity.” “I hope you’re watching, Meghan, because you are the stain of humanity. I hope people spit in your face when they see you walking down the street.” This was not the usual complaint of a sibling who feels left behind; it was a public curse, an act of familial excommunication that was broadcast on a global stage on the internet. Meghan, for one, made this declaration. Who is the true Meghan Markle? It is of the utmost significance to question, considering that this topic has been in the shadows for some years now. It was the rawness, the naked hatred that came out online that was a direct result of the internet going up in flames in a short amount of time. What sort of person is she? Is she the maternal global champion of mental health and women’s rights or is she the “heartless” and “evil” person her brother describes. Her brother calls her a lady who throws people aside "like a piece of dog stuck to the bottom of her shoe." Is she the kind of person her brother is talking about when he makes such a statement? Prince Harry, who has found himself caught in the crossfire of the strife that has erupted within the Markle family. This is not a battle, but a battle for reality itself. This argument has become something more than just tabloid fodder.

Abandonment is a favoured motif in architecture.

Thomas Markle Jr. created a narrative that can give the impression that the Duchess of Sussex is a smart architect of her own history. The lady he’d known had almost nothing in common with the well crafted public image she’d established. She has done it with much care. He says this pattern of behaviour has been going on for a very long time, one that pre-dates royalty and celebrity, in which relationships are considered to be transactional and people are objects that are acquired and then discarded when they’re no longer useful. This behaviour has been happening for a very long time. This pattern of activity has been going on forever, even before monarchs and superstars, as he says. That’s a view similar to what Thomas Jr. has said. “She did that to a lot of people she knew,” said a person close to the family’s circle of friends and acquaintances. "It just seems to me that she is what I would call a ruthless social climber who just when people are no longer appropriate parts of her circle, they have to be expunged quickly so that she can move on up the ladder," the source said.

This accusation, which strikes at the heart of the Sussex brand, is posing a challenge to the brand based on the ideas of being real, showing compassion for other people, and avoiding conditions that could potentially be harmful. But the Markles say they are the real victims of this “expunging,” which was scrubbed from the story the second Meghan Markle hit the public scene. "They say it was them that were targeted." They say they were discriminated against by being left out of the story Thomas Jr. expressed a degree of confusion that seemed to be on a par with the degree of anger displayed by him. "It's just very bizarre how she just basically swept the whole family under the carpet like we don't exist," he added. “We’ve always been here,” he says, showing an image of a family that was there and supportive before it was inconvenient for the brand. “We’ve always been here,” he says. When he makes this comment he is referring to the narrative given in the media projects, which cost several millions of dollars and in which Meghan speaks of having "no family", a claim which he thinks to be "ridiculous". He makes this connection in respect to the media initiatives.

Royal historians agree that the degree of pressure imposed on a commoner with the ambition to marry into the House of Windsor is considerable. It is the person who experiences this particular stress. This pressure has served as a sort of crucible over the course of numerous generations, testing individuals and eventually causing them to dissolve. When trying to migrate successfully, it is important to find a fine balance between keeping one's individuality and adapting to a new institution that is firmly established on a thousand years of history. This is especially true when you are considering the decision to move. On the other side of the debate, the comments made by the Markle family imply that this was never about adaptation, but rather a total and full reinvention. They say Meghan didn’t just abandon her former life. Instead, she made a deliberate endeavour to rewrite it, with the goal of erasing the contributions and even the presence of individuals who had helped her on the road. They say she did this to wipe all the evidence of her former life. Her dad, Thomas Markle Sr., was a television personality and a lighting designer who had won an Emmy in the past. He is also claimed to have paid for her expensive private school education and for a long time financially supported her acting career ambitions. His son says that these sacrifices were not only ignored, but actively buried behind a new narrative that was more palatable, centred on “self-made” triumphs. This story got buried under a fresh story that was easier to digest. Also, his son was of the notion that these efforts were not forgotten. They say that this supposed act of historical revisionism is the vital deed on which her new life was built, a life in which a prince and a palace were the most precious belongings. These are the arguments that they are issuing.

a prince in the having status of the present day and age

The most heartbreaking part of the assault that they have conducted against Meghan, is not the assault that the Markle family has committed against Meghan, but rather the representation of Prince Harry that they have done while they have committed the assault. Instead of a willing partner in a modern love story, he is a man who has undergone radical transformations and is a reduced character controlled by a dominant spouse. This is contrary to the usual image of him as a willing companion. The portrayal does not depict him as a willing partner in a love story that is currently being narrated. At some point during the conversation going place at the time, the interviewer said to Thomas Jr., “Your sister Meghan Markle has ruined Prince Harry.” “The answer is ‘yes’,” he replied, describing a dynamic in which complete control was exerted. He then gave a prompt and definitive answer, which was: “The answer is yes.” “Every single interview, every single picture, every place they go, Meghan grabs, Meghan controls him, Meghan tells him no, Meghan stands in front of him. She controls every single situation like she is the star. And she’s turned Prince Harry into a man of non-substance.

This image, which emphasises the subject matter, underscores an issue that has sparked intense public debate ever since the pair abdicated from their royal duties. This representation has brought the question to light. Harry has been noticeably different in his behaviour for a long time now. The once-loved “rebel prince,” the cheeky soldier with an easy smile, has been replaced by a guy who often seems tense, dark and, according to his adversaries, always enraged. This person has taken on the character of the protagonist. The job has gone to a man who has never been seen to smile in his whole life. The expression thought to be on the face of the “rebel prince” Harry, Thomas Jr. adds, is one of “despair.” “He’s confused. He thinks he’s going to get in trouble if he doesn’t say exactly what Meghan says. Very sad.

As per the background material, professionals practicing psychology have claimed that Harry’s life has been shaped by traumatic occurrences throughout his life. One of the most memorable of these moments is his mother, Princess Diana, tragically passing away when Charles was a very young boy. Therefore, his personality has developed into one that is aggressively defensive . Perhaps he is particularly vulnerable to the influence of a presence that is both authoritative and soothing . His supporters insist Meghan provided him with the strength and the off ramp he so desperately needed to get out of a system he feared was destroying him, as it had destroyed his mother. The system, in question, was the very same mechanism which had been responsible for the passing of his mother. Instead they see the change he has wrought not as a sign of weakness but as a breach of the limits we have set for monarchy.

The Markles, in contrast, seem to take a slightly more ominous view. They see the classic exploitation of the “weakened man” for personal gain, using his weaknesses as a means to get an upper hand. Here they see this classic event. They believe that Meghan has not been a liberating force but an isolating one, steadily dismantling his connections to his family, his friends, and his country. They also say that she has been isolating him all along. Apart from this they claim that she has drove him away from his motherland. The similarities that they have chosen to create between themselves are striking and deliberate. “Meghan did it to me, now Harry’s doing it to his father,” Thomas Jr. said, characterising the royal rift not as a moral stand against the institution, but as a learnt behaviour, a harmful pattern of family abandonment handed down by his wife. “Meghan left me,” Thomas Jr. stated. Meghan had made the mistake of leaving him, and now Harry was doing the same thing to his father. “It was done to me by Meghan,” stated Thomas Jr. What this story achieves is to transform Prince Harry from co-architect of his own fate into the first high-profile victim of a planned policy of seclusion and control. The scheme was created to isolate and control Prince Harry. This shift is an inevitable result of the conditions recounted in the story.

There is one, it is the ghost of a forgotten parent.

There is a dramatic contrast at this time between the scathing ideas stated by Thomas Markle Jr. and the sorrowful figure of Thomas Markle Sr. Thomas Jr. employs fury as a tool, and the public pronouncements of Thomas Jr.’s father are infused with a deep, continuous sense of loss. This is not withstanding that Thomas Jr. Scattered photos of his children provide a bittersweet museum of brighter times throughout the house. His home is a museum of better days. You will see these photographs all over the house. In the frantic days leading up to the royal wedding in 2018, he is a man weighed down by one wrong that cannot be forgiven. This was the error he made working with paparazzi. “I made a stupid mistake and never was forgiven for it,” he said, his voice heavy with sorrow. At one point in the conversation, he voiced his regret. He was expressing his grief. They talk about compassion. There is no compassion for me. There is no compassion for my family.

He’s not begging for glory and riches but for reconciliation before the clock runs out of time unavoidably. He has no desire for either fame or riches at this time. Thomas Sr. is fully aware that he is about to die. He survived a string of heart attacks and a devastating stroke that left him unable to speak for a while. These unhappy circumstances have made him unable to converse At one point he said, “On July 18th I will be 77 years old.” (Most of the Markle guys don’t make it much past 80, so I might not see my grandchildren. That’s a suffering I bear every day, and it is a punishment worse than any public rebuke.) For him, it’s a burden on his shoulders that is heavy and crushing because his daughter does not talk to him. He says this communication gap is a strain. "We talked for the last time in the minutes before she got married," he says, "while I was laying in a hospital bed. They had this chat, he says. This occurred shortly before her wedding. Nothing more has been achieved since then.

The account of the father who was abandoned and was sick is a serious threat to the image that the Sussexes have carefully constructed for themselves. The story revolves around the father who has been deserted by his kids. It is an obvious contradiction for a couple who have made mental health and healing central to their work in the public realm that Meghan's father has been estranged from her for quite some time and that the matter has been dealt with in this way. This paradox is now used by critics in their studies in a relentless manner. Thomas Sr. presents himself as a father, imperfect but caring at the same time, “thrown to the wolves” of the globe media without any control or backing from the royal machine. He’s a guy who got “thrown to the wolves.” He says he was “thrown to the wolves.” “None of us were ever coached or given any help with the paparazzi or press,” he explained, saying the whole thing might have been averted if the palace had picked up the phone. He says he was “thrown to the wolves.” Both are true.

The story is further deepened in sorrow by the fact that they were estranged from one another when they were in close proximity to one another. Thomas Sr. lives just a few hours’ drive away from the sprawling Montecito estate owned by the Sussexes, but the emotional barrier between the Sussexes is a geographically close proximity. This is acceptable even if the Sussexes are the proprietors of the estate. But he insists he would never go up without warning, even when one of the interviewees said they might as well be on a different planet. "That makes me a stalker. I'm not a stalker." "He remains a father waiting by the phone, a ghost in his daughter's new life, waiting for a call that, as the years go by, seems less and less likely to ever come." "I'm not a stalker."

THE PROPHECY OF DELIVERANCE FROM THE SINKING OF THE DISASTER

And it was in the midst of this seething tempest of family dispute that Thomas Markle Jr. gave his final and most dreadful warning to his family. This prophecy formed the basis of the relationship between the dynasties of Cambridge and Sussex. It was a simple prediction of the future. It seems Meghan's ultimate purpose was the chase of reputation rather than the yearning of love. Apparently love was never the real goal. “She’s already had the benefit of her bargain with Harry because she got the title. That’s what she wanted,” he went further. Prince Harry was the most eligible bachelor on the planet, the ultimate payoff for a “ruthless social climber,” and he delivered a life of castles, crown jewels, and instant admiration from all over the world. He was the most eligible bachelor in the world. "She has the desire to be famous all over the world," he said.

Since Harry has already acquired both the title and the platform, Thomas Jr. predicts that his utility will start to decline soon enough. The warning is a bleak extrapolation of his own family’s experience, and it says that once you are no longer a vital element of the narrative you are free from your obligations. That is the warning.' That is just what he is warning you of. As a consequence of this allegation, the love story of the Sussexes becomes a cold and calculating transaction. This deal settles Prince Harry’s fate, not with a lover but with a future competitor. The allegation is what makes it this metamorphosis. It is suggested that the same icy and calculated silence that was placed on the Markle family may one day be applied on the Prince himself. He will not only be alienated from his own royal kin, but he will be alienated from the same woman for whom he gave up all. In other words, it suggests that the Prince will find himself in a similar scenario to the Markle family.

This prospect, which may appear ridiculous to those who are in favour of the couple, has however taken root fruitfully amongst those who are against them. This feeds into the idea that Meghan has been the driving force behind every significant move, from her choice to quit the Royal Family, to the multi-million dollar media deals, to the public criticisms of the monarchy. This narrative is underpinned by the notion that Meghan will be departing the Royal Family before very long. However, while the balance of power within the partnership has long been the subject of dispute among royal commentators, Thomas Jr.'s comments cast it in the most gloomy light possible. This is normal even though the connection has been in existence for quite some time. Now Harry is completely reliant on his wife and this leaves him quite vulnerable. And that is because he has been cut off from his family, from his country, and from the institutional support structure that he had previously relied on all of these things.

This forecast may or may not be true in the slightest degree, but the consequences this prophesy holds for the future are shocking. This has far-reaching implications for the future. If this scenario were to play out, it may happen that the entire Sussex project, including the Archewell foundation, the media empire and the campaigns, would be set up not on a partnership, but a transitory alliance. It is possible. “It’s unfathomable to think that Prince Harry would lose his mother and his place in the royal family, and then lose the family he’s built in the U.S. as well, and that would be an inconceivable amount of pain. Because he has already lost both of these things. This bleak prospect, this spectre of absolute and complete isolation, is exactly what makes the warning Thomas Markle Jr. has delivered so compelling and so deeply disturbing. It is this very painful possibility that gives the warning its power. The whole epic is re-envisioned as a slow-motion tragedy, with a prince as the wandering hero of the story, and proceeding toward a doom that is full of much loneliness. The story moves from one of emancipation to one of tragedy played out in slow motion because of this metamorphosis.

A wound that should be healing yet isn't at all

The gulf between the Sussexes and the Markles is still as vast and as poisonous as it was, considering that it’s been a number of years since the spectacular departure of the Sussexes and the Markles from the United Kingdom. The conflict has become not only a source of debate and contention that shows little sign of abating, but a vital part of the cultural landscape. But it is also a matter of disagreement and contention. In this argument , two camps can be separated . People who believe that Meghan is a victim of a racist British press . People who think the monarchy is cold and unfeeling . In their opinion, the betrayals by her family are the last sign of the toxic environment she had to leave behind. They say this is so because her family has been stabbing her in the back. For them, putting up clear boundaries is one of the most important measures during self-preservation. This is the case even when it is necessary to communicate with one’s family to make this step.

Many people on the other side of the argument see the Markles’ testimony as a vital and unvarnished account of what goes on behind the scenes of a skilfully constructed public relations operation. They don’t regard the endless assertions as the ranting of a family that is harbouring hatred, they see it as a frantic endeavour to recapture a truth that they believe has been robbed from them. They believe the truth has been robbed from them Their point of view is that everything, from the weird movies that can be found on YouTube, to the angry interviews, to the sobbing appeals, is the chaotic and horrible fallout of being wiped out of a worldwide fantasy.

There is no disagreement whatsoever that the wound is not healing.” The lines become more rigid with each interview conducted, and the hope of reconciliation recedes more and farther into the distance as additional interviews are carried out after the initial interview. It’s a conflict that has taken on a life of its own, propelled by media attention and the public’s voracious appetite for drama. Both of those motives are fuelling the conflict and it has taken on a life of its own. Doesn’t mean he’s not begging for forgiveness, mind you, just because Thomas Markle Sr is a dad hoping he’ll be able to hold his grandkids before his time is out. Although he has said on several occasions that he does not recognise his sister anymore, Thomas Markle Jr. continues to participate in a rhetorical fight with the intention of revealing the name of his sister. This is a war he is fighting to reveal the identity of his sister.

Harry and Meghan are now standing in their sun-drenched Californian enclave, which feels protected from the commotion, but is inescapably defined by it. This is happening against the backdrop of everything else that's going on. Although they speak of a future that is centred on compassion and healing, the unresolved pain of their own family schism follows them around like a shadow. This is the case even when they talk about compassion and healing. That prediction is a poisonous, ongoing question mark looming over their future. Thomas Markle Jr. has predicted that Prince Harry is just the next name on a line of people to be abandoned, and this prognosis is a worry to them. This prophecy is still on the verge of being fulfilled, there is a sensation. The final part of this unfolding royal tragedy will not be revealed until considerable time has passed. The only way it can be exposed is by this manner. It could be the cruel fantasy of a sibling seeking retribution, or a warning from someone who had known her previously. Both of these possibilities are conceivable . Any of these things can happen.

Thank you for watching the video! Please let us know your thoughts, and goodbye for now!