Welcome back to our channel, where we share updates and untold stories about Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. Today, we bring you some news:

One of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s most recent and grievous self-inflicted wounds has come in the shape of a public declaration from a Grammy-winning music legend. The statement was released by the Duke and Duchess after they were prompted to do so. The couple has purposefully turned an unpleasant, short encounter on a Canadian red carpet into an international inferno, a desperate gamble that is now spectacularly exploding. The event began as a short and unpleasant event. And now we have confirmation of why the most powerful people in Hollywood are hiding themselves, and how this one tragic occurrence reveals the ultimate decline of the Sussex brand. “Now this evidence is in our hands.”

The flashguns went off, and against the Canadian evening sky it was a pretty display of man-made light. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, strike a pose in their characteristic manner on the red carpet at the charity event orchestrated by the David Foster and Friends Foundation. And then, to punctuate the scene so skilfully created, there was a moment of unscripted reality, stunning, unexpected. Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, walked up and cordially greeted music great and presenter of the event David Foster. David Foster, 76. Harry approached the press queue and Meghan reached out for a handshake. The gesture hung in midair, but no one seemed to see it or acknowledge it. Foster strolled right by his wife, Katharine McPhee, for a group shot with her. He did everything with an eye on the future. Whether deliberate or not, the exclusion was very noticeable to the public at large. She leaned on her spouse, a faint, tight smile on her lips. She’d slid the abandoned arm behind her back and nestled into him. This image was a good illustration of social rehabilitation, and would soon develop into a public spectacle. Meghan’s answer was a textbook case of social redemption. The sort of social faux pas that could have otherwise disappeared into the following news cycle was precisely that: an unpleasant, cringe-worthy blip. In simple terms, for a little period of time, it was precisely that. But in the case of Harry and Meghan, the universe doesn’t permit any slight, real or imagined, to fade away slowly.

an SNUB experienced in every country on earth

In the immediate aftermath of the catastrophe the Sussex public relations machine, a well-oiled but increasingly shaky organism, began to kick into action. This organization is becoming more and more unpredictable. The first strategy was to apply a typical damage control manoeuvre. It was a leak that was controlled to a specific media house. Here a 'exclusive insider' attempted to alter the entire history of the story, which appeared in the columns of the Daily Mail very shortly after the event. As Meghan made her way down the busy carpet, the insider said, Foster “quite simply just didn’t see” her. That is what the source said. Buried in the explanation was an odd comment that was virtually a backhanded compliment. “He’s always been a massive Diana fan,” the insider told us, adding he would “never snub either of them.” Public relations professionals with significant experience and royal watchers described it as “damning with faint praise.” There was no attempt to put Harry and Meghan in a lineage of elegance by referencing the legendary memory of Princess Diana, but a subtle indication of a difference in character and how they carried themselves in public. It was a story that made it tough to swallow, yet it was a defence that could not be taken seriously. Anyone who has been in the controlled pandemonium that is a red carpet knows it’s a perfectly choreographed situation. Anyone who has ever done it knows that. It was unfathomable to many that a host, a man of Foster's experience, should be unconscious of the presence of his most distinguished guests, a real prince and duchess, only a few feet away. As one critic put it pretty brilliantly, “You’d have to be Helen Keller to not actually work out that you were walking right past Meghan Markle in that moment.” Meghan Markle walked past the critic.

However, the initial briefing failed to extinguish the fire. The video clip was just too fantastic and too raw to be thorough, and there was no background information which might have provided perspective. The royal stardust melting into a more brutal, more transactional Hollywood reality feeds directly into the growing public narrative that the Sussexes are becoming more and more isolated people. This has been a popular story for a time. That wasn't the story of refusing to shake hands. That was the story of how people regarded their social rank in relation to others. There was an understanding that the episode was a violent public expression of their loss of authority, and the critics understood it as such. The first try at spin had not only failed to impress, but had added fuel to the flames by indicating that the Sussex camp was greatly ruffled. And this was not the only reason for the failure of the attempt. This initial failure served to open the door to a second act, which was much stronger and eventually more catastrophic than the first. Unfortunately the off-the-record and confidential briefing did not yield any favourable results. The moment had arrived to bring out the heavy artillery, directed at pushing the principal protagonists to openly refute the facts that the whole world had seen for themselves.

The obscenity is the apology that is forced upon us.

As a last resort to the delicate word, the Sussex approach turned on the instant from subtle spin to severe force. It was David Foster who was attacked. It is reported Foster was forced to make a formal statement, which was taken off record. The celebrity world was shocked to hear of this decision, and others followed suit. Hollywood is ruled by the unwritten law that it is the most serious crime to commit. Celebrities protect each other since they can defend each other and have an implicit agreement not to pull one another into their own PR quagmires. If you get a friend or acquaintance to clean up your trash in public, you are destroying a bridge (and yourself as a poisonous person). That's because you are positioning yourself as someone who is toxic. Their favoured media safe space, People magazine, carried the last headline, a masterpiece of Orwellian newspeak. It was a story that ran in People magazine. It was a straight public order to disregard what they had observed. “No, David Foster Snubbed ‘Dear Friend’ Meghan Markle at Charity Event Red Carpet.”

Issuing it in Foster’s name makes the remark considerably more telling than it already was. The language was so stiff and defensive it read like a court deposition written by a crisis management team. This was an attempt to establish a pretext to render the videotaped encounter irrelevant. It started, “As the host… I had already welcomed our friends, the Duke and Duchess, at the entrance 10 minutes before the red carpet meeting.” This was an attempt to give a foreshadowing. Then the remark suddenly took on an angry note, in the usual Sussexes tone, the tone of being harried by the media. This appeared to be at odds with the visual evidence, as it was noted that “anyone watching can see that there was no awkward moment and certainly no snub.” Then the comment immediately became accusatory. “It’s sad some media… choose to lie by twisting a red carpet moment for clicks. They turned a simple pose into a painful lie for the best photo.”

The admission of a “hurtful lie” paved the way to the truth. The lingo was jarringly out of place for veteran journalists and the public relations sector. David Foster is a veteran of the music business, having weathered decades of big egos, bad bosses and serious success challenges. His name is David Foster, he's a guy called David Foster. But to many, the idea that a seasoned, 'straight, male music producer' would describe a red carpet shuffle as a 'hurtful lie' felt absolutely, 100 percent inauthentic. The remark seemed to many observers inescapable: Foster did not write it. The statement is believed to have been authored by Meghan Markle or her PR staff. It was then passed to Foster with McPhee, who “reluctantly” consented to reveal it to the public. There was no way out. If you said no, you would be publicly affirming the insult and making the situation much worse than it already was. If they do, they’ll be playing right into the hands of the Sussexes in their never-ending conflict with the media. They were giving credibility to a story that looked to be all bogus, and if they agreed they were part of the story. Harry and Meghan had turned a small pebble into a big story, and Foster had to do what they wanted. It was a case study of the Streisand Effect which claims that any attempt to hide knowledge will only make it a thousand times more prevalent. This case study was performed. They'd won the sweepstakes for a great headline in People magazine. They weren't doing as well in the larger contest for the respect of Hollywood officials.

When the buddies are quiet and motionless

Foster's predicament is not an isolated case but the public face of a far more widespread and frightening pattern of social decay. The drama makes a pretty good argument for why the once-glimmering circle of A-list acquaintances the Sussexes had looks to be diminishing at an alarming rate. This was a group of persons connected to the Sussexes. Not something celebrities want to be a part of, given their livelihoods depend on carefully curated public perception. To be a friend of Harry and Meghan, it seems, is to be on call at all hours to fix the narrative, and to risk getting dragged into a vortex that they have engineered for their own advantage. Kris Jenner, the mother of the Kardashian family, is 70 years old now. The dread of association was a startling display during the gathering. Kris Jenner, the founder of the Kardashian clan. The dinner was hosted by Jeff Bezos and meant to honour a media tycoon. No, it was absolutely overshadowed by the arrival of the Sussexes and the media circus that came with the entry immediately after she arrived. Global superstars such as Beyonce and Jay-Z were reported to have been forced to take evasive action, leaving by a side door to avoid being snapped too close to the pair under investigation. In doing so they made it pretty plain that they wished to keep the two at a distance.

The strongest evidence of this rising insularity is the deafening silence from individuals who were formerly considered Meghan’s closest confidantes. One of Meghan’s biggest supporters was Jamie Kern Lima, the wealthy founder of IT Cosmetics. Once she was one of her most clamant advocates. Last year her social media channels were full of “gushing birthday notes” to the Duchess of Cambridge. And she sent these things. There was no reason to celebrate Meghan’s birthday this year. Nothing to celebrate. It was easy to know that it was not noisy. Lima just posted on her Facebook page about a podcast about how to deal with narcissists. The program is about how you hold yourself. This sentence is more carefully phrased than the last. She quoted a communications coach who said: “If you’re wondering if you are one [a narcissist], you’re probably not one… because real narcissists don’t wonder, they don’t reflect, they don’t do empathy, they only do themselves.” In the hyper-analyzed world of the Sussexes, this was taken as a devastating, thinly veiled critique. The timing was, as one witness put it, “rather pointed.” It’s all well and good even if it’s difficult to demonstrate it was directed at Meghan.

As time passes, the number of friends who choose to stay silent increases. Serena Williams used to be a frequent fixture in Meghan’s life but has not officially wished her a happy birthday. Beyoncé was silent too, the subject of the feel-good text message revealed in the documentary they made for Netflix. Abigail Spencer, who co-starred with Meghan Markle in the television program Suits, has chosen to remain silent this year rather than publicly celebrate the late actress. This calm is not neutral, it is an action in regard to Meghan’s surroundings, where public declarations of loyalty are of paramount importance. A secret preparation and execution of an escape from the play has been made. Meghan’s core grievance with the Royal Family is: “They never fought back for me.” She has taken this perceived lesson and run with it in her new life, with uncompromising passion, demanding public defences for every offence. This propensity is an expression of the fundamental complaint Meghan has filed against the Royal Family. But what the royal and celebrity watchers say she doesn’t get is the fatigue of the general population has been understood in depth for generations of the monarchy’s attitude of “never complain, never explain.” That is not something she sees. The group knows that to answer each complaint means to approve the criticism and the organization. Meghan has a script to ensure that apparently minor stories become international controversies that endure for days, with her and her husband constantly the focus. This arrangement keeps the spotlight on Meghan and her husband.

Crown of thorns in the era of digital things

On the other side of the Atlantic Ocean, a less visible, but more sophisticated movement is underway to support the future of the monarchy itself. This should be a more successful marketing. The operation is happening at the same time as the Sussexes are locked in their raucous public spats in the state of California. There is great interest in his registration . He is coming to Eton College, a famous educational institution . Most of the attention is on Prince George, second in line to the throne. It’s a move that speaks volumes about lessons learned from the past with new signs declaring “No Photography” starting to pop up all over the venerable institution. The school administration claims this is part of a broader privacy approach for all kids. That is the official administration line. The date though is no coincidence, as many long-term royal family observers know. This is the first salvo in a carefully coordinated operation to shield the young prince from the glare of the digital age. I’m very enthusiastic about this.

Prince William knows the pitfalls of a royal upbringing under the public spotlight. This is because he himself attended to Eton, a leading school. He was still at school and attending the University of St. Andrews when he struck a “gentleman’s agreement” with the British press. They would have a few scheduled picture ops and in return the media would be kept away from the tiny prince. This setup was maintained to one degree or another. It allowed him to live a more regular life in certain aspects. But William and Catherine know full well they are up against a threat that is far more wide-ranging than a handful of Fleet Street photographers. It’s something they’ve had to work with. The enemy now is the mobile that every youngster, mum, dad and guest brings into the classroom. In this age of 24/7 social media, there's a danger that any careless moment – a foolish face, a teenage spat, a horrible play on the sports pitch – has the power to be national and international news in a heartbeat.

It’s a very difficult project to do. Otherwise the “No Photography” placards are really more aimed at George’s fellow contemporaries than paparazzi, who are easy to spot and manage. “The unwritten code of conduct that exists among Eton’s aristocratic families is expected to remain intact,” royals specialist Hilary Fordwich said. That is the hope that is expressed. The students were from wealthy and prominent families. They knew if they told the media about another student they would be socially ostracised by the very circles their family wanted to be part of. For them it is a conscious thing. Or a TikTok that blows up. Or a tip that's good for a tabloid. A great temptation. Either of these items might be extremely appealing. The Waleses employ what is known as the practice of silent fortification: constructing walls and a culture of concealment. It's a plot to safeguard their territory. "This plan is very different from the Sussex plan. William and Catherine, however, are taking preventative measures to ensure that such privacy breaches never occur in the first place. This is contrasted to Harry and Meghan, who respond to intrusions on their privacy by suing and making public statements. They are in it for the long haul and their main concern is their child's psychological health and the long-term stability of the Crown. They are doing it this way because they are worried about them. They are not trying to control the news cycle of the day, but to defend the future monarchy.

Ghosts of Washington (Washington, DC)

Prince William is fighting to secure his son’s future, while Prince Harry is being targeted by a conservative think-tank in Washington, D.C. Meanwhile, Prince William is attempting to secure the future of his kid. Heritage Foundation is continuing its legal battle to force the United States of America to do something about the United Kingdom. Department of State is to make Prince Harry’s immigration history public. That is why they care so much about it. Their argument is directed toward both the law and the interests of the general public. In his biography Spare, Harry has been upfront about his history of drug usage and has said he took drugs to be liked in public. These are all examples of chemicals like cocaine, marijuana, and mushrooms that have high hallucinogenic characteristics. Such admissions may be grounds for denial of a visa application under the United States immigration laws. The foundation argues that the American public has a right to know whether or not the Duke of Sussex was given preferential treatment on the basis of his application, or whether or not he was dishonest about his application. 

The situation has become a major point of contention in the political sphere. Right now, the United States Department of State says there are a whopping 307 documents connected to Harry’s visa that are being kept secret because of privacy fears. In contrast, many consider that this refusal to be forthright constitutes an admission of guilt on the part of any individual. “This scenario shows that ‘rules were broken for him,’” an analyst said. This scenario puts both the current administration and the administration that has been in power in the United States in an untenable position. The analyst said: “They are just covering it up because of the public backlash it would create.” Critics of Vise President Joe Biden’s administration say it has made a “mockery of U.S. immigration policy,” giving “special treatment” to a “self-serving loser.” But the mystery of who exactly is protecting Harry is a tough one. It is an opinion held by many that this is not a protection promoted by the Democratic Party but one that is driven by the Republican Party. While Donald Trump might personally dislike Harry and Meghan, the theory is that he has a deep respect for the institution of the monarchy, and for King Charles specifically. This is even when he may personally despise them. The revelation of the paperwork that could lead to Harry’s deportation would be a dreadful embarrassment for the King, and it would be a diplomatic issue that a Trump administration that is favourable toward monarchy might desire to avoid. If the data were exposed, it would be possible that Harry would be deported. 

This court battle in Washington is not simply about the procedure alone, it is a lot more than a dispute over documents. What that means is that it gets through to the very core of Harry's newly formed ego. He has positioned himself in a way that he may identify himself as a global citizen and a campaigner for equality and justice. It is possible, however, that he will be revealed as a beneficiary of the identical elite privilege that he denies espousing. It is the immigration question that brings this potentiality about. The most horrific passages of his own narrative are still quoted in the media, a continual reminder of a history that he can no longer distance himself from. This is happening as he and Meghan are battling for control of evanescent storylines on the red carpet. At the same time a far more serious conflict is going on about his legal status in the country he has chosen to live in, and he cannot deal with this matter.

MANY PRINCIPLES, TWO INTERESTS OF THE FUTURE

Meanwhile, in the background, another young royal is quietly plotting a route very different to the one being dominated by the crises engulfing the Sussexes and the future King George. In the person of this young prince, a remarkable glimpse is offered of a more secure alternative future for the monarchy. James, the twenty-year-old son of the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, has been authorised to study at the Royal Agricultural University due to his remarkable academic ability. James has recently got into university. It is a logical and well founded move on his behalf to pursue a degree in rural land and property management. The choice shows a clear commitment to the stewardship of his family estate, Bagshot Park, and the philosophy of sustainable land management.

James has had a childhood that has been largely out of the public glare of the royal family and he is a great example of the modern non-working royal. James is the modern royal par excellence. His mother and father, Edward and Sophie, have become the calm, steady nucleus of the shrunken monarchy, an object lesson in the notion of duty without drama. Now they are the foundation of the architecture of authority. All the children they have raised have been taught that the titles they carry do not come with an automatic public salary or platform. This is something that they’ve taught their children. Instead of leveraging his royal status to get media attention or celebrity sponsorships, James has chosen a profession in agriculture. This decision is a great and deep statement, for it shows James’s loyalty to his royal rank. “Various considerations have gone into the decision that has been reached, including tradition, responsibility and a direct link to the United Kingdom. His aim is not to become a renowned person, but rather to occupy the role of a guardian. 

The similarity between him and his cousins from the United States of America is much more astounding than it already is. Harry and Meghan face Hollywood snubs and media narratives as James prepares to lead a modestly contributory life James is also preparing to settle down at this period. His worry seems to be soil and estate management, not red carpets and Netflix deals, although he has been hailed as one of the most eligible bachelors in the world, by the society magazine known as "Tatler." His route sheds light on the fundamental split that exists within the younger generation of the Royal Family. The Sussexes were one branch that decided to gamble on a high risk, high gain strategy of global renown. This path is now proving to be fraught with PR disasters and social isolation, but it was a choice they took. The opposite branch, represented by both the Waleses and the Edinburghs, is putting greater emphasis on the historical merits of the organization. They bring stability, obligation, and a long-term perspective outside of the momentary drama. The quiet dignity of James, Earl of Wessex, preparing for agricultural college, is a powerful, unconscious protest against the chaos and noise coming out of Montecito. James is preparing to graduate from agricultural college. Not just a remembrance of what may have been, but a hopeful symbol of what the monarchy in its most ideal form is still capable of becoming.

Thank you for watching the video! Please let us know your thoughts, and goodbye for now!