Welcome back to our channel, where we share updates and untold stories about Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. Today, we bring you some news:

Recently a shocking and disturbing warning has been given to the parents of children attending one of the leading schools in the heart of the Cotswolds. But the message wasn’t about the approaching holidays or the expenses of going to school. It was given with the impersonal tone of a corporate directive. It was a new rule, a direct consequence of the introduction of two new students who had very prominent roles in the school, and it prevented them from taking part in a simple and treasured activity: taking photographs or films of their own children while they were attending school events. Moreover, it forbade them to engage in the act of shooting photographs or films of their own children. Sources — who have revealed the material exclusively — learned that the transmission was a command, ‘barely veiled’ as such to protect the privacy of Archie and Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. The new normal that has taken hold thanks to the fact that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are back in the United Kingdom. It is not just a quiet homecoming, but it is the start of a campaign of control and resentment that might strangle not just a small country hamlet, but perhaps the entire institution of the monarchy.

Some of the most influential people in the United States have collectively sighed a sigh of relief that the Sussexes have decided to leave the United States of America of their own volition. There hasn’t been a lot of hoopla about this decision. And former President Donald Trump, a man who has never shied away from sharing his opinions, expressed his excitement publicly. He’s never been one to hold his comments back. "I'm happy about it," he said, and the look on his face made it plain that he was happy in spite of the circumstances. “I was not a fan,” he said in his critique. This revelation hit close to home for the pair who has been plagued by this problem ever since they abruptly separated from their royal duties. They've been haunted by the dilemma ever since they separated. “I thought they disrespected the royal family,” Trump stated. He also spoke of his “really good” relations with both the late Queen Elizabeth II and King Charles III. "I thought they treated the royal family because they were disrespectful." "I thought they treated the royal family with unbelievable disrespect." "I did not like the way she acted. I thought she was terribly disrespectful." In a final, scathing judgement, he said: "If I were the royal family I would not have taken them back." Trump’s position is shared by a large section of public opinion on both sides of the Atlantic in Europe and America. In the beginning of the American experiment there were promises of a new progressive form of philanthropy, freedom, and privacy, but as it turned out the pledges were not kept. After a series of public relations skirmishes, tell-all interviews and a perception that they were selling on the same royal position they claimed to abhor, the drive to dominate Hollywood and Silicon Valley had degenerated into a series of public relations wars. Now that they are back on British land, but they are not back with the intention of trying to solve their problems with each other. “They have come with a list of demands that they have brought all the way here.

AND THEIR OWN COUNTRY, AS WELL AS THEIR OWN KINGDOM

The Cotswolds – honey-stoned villages and rolling hills – is a place where old money and quiet discretion are the real currency. For centuries, the Cotswolds have been a private haven for the British elite. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have stepped into this world of muted tradition with all the force of their Californian commitment to privacy and public relations. One of the defining qualities of this world is its subtle sense of tradition. Their children, Archie and Lilibet, start school locally, the first big milestone in their difficult journey of re-entry into British life. This has been the first big flashpoint in their journey. Royal family commentator Kinsey Schofield revealed the news, saying that the school had reached out to all of the parents after what many people perceive to be pressure from the Sussexes’ camp. It was a masterclass in veiled threats, warning parents and carers “against taking photographs or films of other children without permission or sharing pictures, information or details about pupils or their families on social media”.

To anyone not aware of the circumstances, this would seem to be a reasonable desire for isolation because of the circumstances. But constitutional scholars and royal historians believe this is a deep and arrogant misunderstanding of the unwritten contract that has governed the relationship between the Royal Family and the people and the press for a number of generations. For decades the monarchy has been playing along to do its thing . It has been a tenuous peace . In return for the media being allowed to take pictures on important days, like the first day of school, the royal children are allowed to have their privacy respected when they are in private, especially at school. This is especially when the children are at school. Catherine, Princess of Wales, has successfully managed this dynamic, regularly publishing her own high-quality images of her children. This has enabled her to fulfilll the demands of the general public and also deny the paparazzi a rich commercial opportunity. This system, which relies on a shared understanding and some trust, allows the children of the heir to the throne to have a life that is at least somewhat normal until they are adults. This makes it possible for them to achieve their maximum potential.

It’s a big distinction that Meghan and Harry both operate in quite different ways. It is not a matter of negotiation, but an official decree. It is not that they are participating in a system; they are working toward the development of a new one. This new notion of privacy is a corporate, litigious paradigm that views other parents not as a community but as a potential security threat. And the inference is straightforward: Either you give us your phones, self-regulate your social media, and adhere to our rules; or you will be held responsible for your actions. There are plenty of people in the neighbourhood who think the effort to impose a non-disclosure agreement on the entire school community is the height of stupidity. There is an air of deep irritation in the area, with residents “rolling their eyes” and feeling “suffocated by the full-on Sussex circus descending on year one”. It is a PR disaster, alienating the very people they would need to win over if they are to live there in peace. They deserve a certain amount of authority that even the king and queen of the future do not need, which gives legitimacy to the notion that they consider themselves to be not only extraordinary, but also superior to others. This is evidenced by the fact that they believe they are exceptional.

However, the criteria do not stop until the student has entered the institution. These concerns start with the most basic elements of their new existence in the United Kingdom, and go right down to ground level. Reliable sources within the organization have revealed that Meghan has provided a detailed and revealing list of demands for their future home in the United Kingdom. The Duchess of Cambridge has been reported as wanting to purchase a property with no fewer than nine bedrooms. This criteria is supposed to be the perfect match for the massive Montecito mansion they left behind, which is reported to be worth fifteen million dollars. This is not a request, it is a statement of intent; this is not a request that can be carried out in the real world. In this case it is very plain that they have not made any provision for lessening their ambitions or their style of living in the future. They want to build a court in exile of similar size to what they had before, by building a copy of their old California mansion in the English countryside.

Another wish that was expressed - and this one is perhaps more revealing - was that the home have a state of the art film studio. This one single aspect can extract a great deal of information regarding their ambitions for the future. The kind of family that would ask for a film studio is not the kind of family that is looking for a quiet, private life away from the cameras. This particular instrument is employed by people whose job it is to create material, by those whose job it is to manage narratives and by a select few people whose core business is still creating and selling their own tale. This information shows that the Sussex drama next season is only another change of scenery for them back in the United Kingdom. This information means their career in the media is not going to end. They have taken their production firm, and the conflicts of interest that come with it, and brought it to the doorstep of the monarchy they ran away from.” The British countryside is not a place of sanctuary; it is there to give a backdrop.

The debt that cannot be removed with the use of an apology

But there is an imponderable hunger deeper than the material needs for sumptuous houses and factories. The main aggravation of their post-royal life has been this, the want of an apology the basic cause of discontent. For years, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have argued they are the victims, the mistreated ones, of a heartless institution and a racist press, and that the Royal Family should publicly acknowledge its myriad stated faults. They have also claimed they feel the Royal Family should be called to account for their activities. From the point of view of the Crown, this demand, which seems to them to be nothing more than a simple matter of restorative justice, is a threat to their very existence. This is a request that the company can not meet or comply with in any way.

The monarchy of the United Kingdom is not a family in the usual meaning of the word; it is a constitutional body, a symbol of national continuity, and its strength is based on mystique, tradition and an almost religious sense of impartiality. The monarchy is not a family, therefore. I think it would be a dreadful scenario if the King or the Prince of Wales were to formally apologise to the Sussexes for the grievances raised on Oprah or in the pages of Spare. It would give credence to the idea that the organization is intrinsically faulty, harsh and perhaps even racist. It would lend legitimacy to every charge. This would lead to the legitimacy of the theory. There would be a public display of self-flagellation that would destroy the image of a family united in their sense of duty that has been so painstakingly constructed. This would be a catastrophe. Constitutional scholars warn that such a move would set a dangerous precedent, opening the floodgates for any unhappy member, whether presently serving or formerly serving, to voice their grievances and demand a comparable institutional mea culpa. This would be the case if the member is now serving or has served in the past. In such a situation, the monarchy would become, not a much-loved national institution, but just another dysfunctional family, with its private brawls being played out in a way that recalls a dirty reality TV program.

The two opposing positions on this matter are diametrically opposed to each other, with a great deal of psychological distance between them. Harry and Meghan are entrenched in California’s therapeutic culture and believe that an apology is a key first step toward healing and peace. This is because they view it as the first step in the healing process. They think it is an integral part of accountability for emotional states and their position is that it is an essential part. This is, however, institutional suicide from the point of view of Prince William, who will one day be king. He will one day be the ruler of the United Kingdom." He knows that the Crown can stay on top, can accept criticism without any shadow of hesitancy, and can never explain or complain. He knows the very life of the Crown depends upon the possession of these powers. The Sussexes have created a disruptive and commercialised kind of royalty and if they were to apologise, they'd be giving up the moral high ground and admitting that this kind of monarchy is legitimate in some way. Not only does he not want to pay the price, he is constitutionally incapable of paying it. This standoff is not the result of a misunderstanding, but the result of a fundamental clash of worldviews, and it makes sure that any serious reconciliation will remain a distant and almost impossible dream. This conundrum is not a matter of miscomprehension. The Sussexes can have a property in the UK but they will never be allowed to call it home as long as they keep demanding an apology.

Silence and prudence are being installed.

The public's view of Meghan Markle's work has been heavily shaped by a powerful narrative which presents her as a compassionate, progressive woman who speaks out against injustice. This story can be quite powerful. "In contrast, there have been recurrent reports of cause for alarm coming from beyond the castle walls which present a totally different picture, of a demanding and difficult employer. Complaints have been raised again on their return to the United Kingdom. They have opened up about the issues they might have in sourcing domestic staff who will want to work for them when they return to the UK. Page Six reported that the alleged interview processes Meghan reportedly used during her former time in the United Kingdom were “extremely rude.” Allegations claimed that those who applied for jobs as housekeepers or maids were allegedly not allowed to speak directly with the Duchess about trying to get a job. The procedure of “silent scrutiny” was pretty uncomfortable for anyone interested in working for the organization. They were told to hand up their resumes and were told to be quiet while Markle evaluated them.

Meghan’s staff has consistently denied these and other charges of bullying, but they are part of a pattern of criticism that has dogged the pair for some time. While they were working royals, it was general knowledge that their household had a high rate of worker turnover. Several skilled assistants left in rapid succession during this time and the reputation of the household became less favourable. The infamous “Tiaragate” incident that occurred before their wedding and the formal bullying complaint lodged by their former communications secretary, Jason Knauf, have both played a role in the public perception of a tense and anxious workplace culture. Both of these instances took place before their wedding. These anecdotes, factually supported or not, get to the very heart of the integrity of the operation of the monarchy. That is indeed the case. The foundation on which the institution continues its operations is the steadfast and uncompromising loyalty of the servants who are privy to the most secret portions of the royals' existence. A reputation for mistreating that workforce is more than just a personal failing; it is a security risk and a violation of the unspoken rule of mutual respect that supports the whole system. Therefore, it’s more than a personal failing.

If this behaviour is real at all, it gives an insight into the psychological pressures involved. It must have been tremendously strange for someone like Meghan, an outsider, to experience marrying into the confined and ancient society of British monarchy during her marriage. A number of psychologists believe that an authoritarian and controlling management style may be based on a severe sense of insecurity. This state of mind is sometimes referred to as the need to take control in a situation in which one feels powerless . This is in stark contrast to the “soft power” style perfected by characters such as the late Queen and the Princess of Wales, who inspire allegiance by grace, respect and a clear mastery of their position. This is a method that has been honed by people like these. Meghan’s style is arguably more like that of a Hollywood power broker. This is a more accurate picture of the situation. Her approach is transactional and hierarchical, utterly antithetical to the tradition of palace service. That's the explanation behind all this. It will be a critical test as to whether or if they can recruit and maintain dedicated staff in the United Kingdom where they are trying to build a new life. If the claims of a “mute, measured, and merciless” household prove to be accurate, they are likely to find themselves alienated not only from their family, but from the very individuals they need to help them manage their personal life. This is because they will not be able to talk to them.

It was the betrayal of a brother that led to the destruction of a kingdom.

The response that has been the most poignant has been one of serene silence, which has been in the midst of the bustle of requests and the drama of their homecoming. This moment of silence has been the most significant response that has been given. The Prince and Princess of Wales are reportedly "watching this space" at Kensington Palace, according to a source who spoke to People magazine. This information were provided by the source. This non-action, which has been carefully calibrated, speaks volumes about the current state of play, including the fact that they are avoiding any "knee-jerk reaction" because they consider the subject to be private and that there is no need to "demonstrate anything outwardly." This is the response of an institution that is being attacked, rather than being drawn into a public battle on terms that have been established by those who are opposed to it. A chasm of personal suffering, on the other hand, lies concealed beneath the polished exterior of royal privilege. The source of the information indicates that there is a "deep sense of betrayal" that cannot be resolved immediately, which is something that has been obvious for a number of years.

From the point of view of Prince William, this is not a heated argument within the family. The fundamental nature of his identity is at stake in this constitutional issue. Because of this, his identity and his future are at jeopardy to a significant or even significant degree. He experiences a dual sense of betrayal in his life. He has been forced to put up with what he considers to be inexcusable public insults directed on his wife and his family. He has been subjected to these assaults on a personal level throughout his entire life. Harry's book, Spare, is a chronicle of these assaults, and the quantity of information that he provides is both brutal and personal. There is a proverb that says trust arrives on foot but departs on horseback, and in this particular instance, the horse has already departed over the horizon quite some time ago. One expert described the trust that formerly existed between the two brothers as being "at an all-time low." This trust was established in the crucible of their mother's sad death, and it was once thought to be unbreakable. Both boys have since lost their mother. Betraying the group, on the other hand, is the most heinous form of treachery. William is the most crucial person to keep an eye on for the future of the Crown because he is the heir apparent to the throne. It has been brought to his attention that his brother and sister-in-law are engaged in a systematic attempt to undermine the reputation established by the monarchy. In the state of California, he has witnessed it from a safe distance. On the other hand, they have returned to British territory at this time and are carrying on with their struggle from within the confines of the nation.

This Shakespearean tragedy is characterised by the presence of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, who casts a significant shadow over the story. In the perspective of the general public, the image of the two young boys walking behind her coffin, a time of mutual suffering that brought them together, has come to embody the current, insurmountable division that exists between them. This is due to the fact that the thing that brought them together was a shared traumatic experience. According to Charles Spencer, Diana's brother, the traumatic event must have left significant emotional scars on Harry, which may be the explanation for his compulsive struggle with reporters. Charles Spencer has made this observation. One of the things that Charles Spencer has brought to our attention is this. In spite of this, the two brothers have recovered from the traumatic experience that they went through together in ways that are quite distinct from one another. The establishment was rather tightly regulated, and it was within this that William, who would one day become king, discovered solace and a sense of making a difference in the world. All of this was a direct result of the institution's rigorous organisational structure. Furthermore, he was of the opinion that the organization was a dynamic force that provided continuity and stability. This institution, which Harry, the spare, came to perceive as the source of his torment, a golden cage that failed to protect his mother, then his wife, became the source of his unhappiness, became the source of his suffering. Harry began to see this institution as the source of his agony.

These schisms will, in the long run, have significant repercussions that will be experienced by those who are affected by them. The return of the Sussexes is not a tale about a little kid who has wandered off by himself; rather, it marks the beginning of a court proceeding that is dealing with the Sussexes. A parallel power structure has formed within the monarchy as a result of the fact that they exist in the United Kingdom. This power structure has the potential to be regarded as potentially hazardous. On the other hand, there is the perspective of William and Catherine, who are the embodiment of tradition, responsibility, and the gradual and steady advancement of the Crown. There is also the stance of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, which is important. On the other hand, Harry and Meghan are an example of a sort of royalty that is disruptive, celebrity-driven, and commercialised. They are a representation of the kind of monarchy that occurs. It is not possible to use this paradigm in conjunction with the way the current system operates. For the mere reason that they are so tightly connected to one another, the general public, the press, and even the government will be compelled to take a stance on the issue. Because of this, there is a persistent state of tension, a cold war that is fought in the headlines and on social media, and it will inevitably result in the entire structure of the institution being weaker. In the present moment, this internal strife is an essential component of King Charles's power, and it will be the most significant obstacle that William will inherit from his predecessor. The question that needs to be answered is not whether or not the brothers will be able to come to an agreement; rather, the question that needs to be answered is whether or not the monarchy itself will be able to maintain their separation. This notion, which asserts that the battle is being fought from the opposite side of the oceans, is no longer accurate. At this point, the source of the siege is the interior of the building.

Thank you for watching the video! Please let us know your thoughts, and goodbye for now!