Welcome back to our channel where we
provide updates and undisclosed
narratives on Catherine, Princess of
Wales, and her royal family. We are
excited to share the following news.
Tom Bower reveals why IRS, child
services, and immigration are coming for
Meghan now. Meghan Markle is finding it
increasingly difficult to get past the
hurdles.
And the information does not come from
the tabloids or the courtiers of the
palace, but from the Internal Revenue
Service, the authorities in charge of
immigration in the United States, and
the investigators working for child
services.
Now it is under fire from the one force
they never relied on, the remorseless
and merciless machinery of the American
state. From a number of fronts, this
onslaught is opposed with the ideal of
California, systematically developed,
which was created on a mythology of
victimhood and worldwide might.
Then comes the part where all the
threads of their story are beginning to
unravel all at once.
With a crisis that is far deeper and
more scarier than anything the public
has ever been told about them in their
whole history. Imagine living like 3
million people do, but making zero
bucks. One of the most fundamental and
uncompromising assumptions of
high-stakes finance and forensic
accounting is that money is where the
truth is.
This is a fundamental value that is not
negotiable.
For years, investigative author Tom
Bower has been meticulously tracking
that reality, charting the rising gap
between the lavish spending of the Duke
and Duchess of Sussex and their
dwindling income.
Bower has been doing this for years.
Bower's been working on it. Now it is
apparent, an unmistakable fact, that a
financial crisis is happening in real
time under the California sun.
It was believed to be the bitter
critique of an author who was of an
opposite political persuasion,
but not anymore.
Bower has constantly reminded the people
that the most important and terrifying
quantity is the figure of 3 million
pounds. Taxes have been taken out. This
includes the mortgage on the sprawling
estate, the private security detail
that's on duty 24/7,
the household staff, the designer
wardrobes, the first-class travel, and
the army of public relations
professionals who are charged with and
narrative in perpetual freefall.
This is the bottom line cautious
estimate for the cost of keeping the
Sussexes in Montecito each year. In
contrast, this number is unique in that
it is simply the floor and not the
ceiling.
Then there are the huge expenses
involved in creating and maintaining a
commercial brand like American Riviera
Orchard, the crippling legal costs
arising from their protracted battle
with the British press, and the mystery
charges linked to their Archewell
Foundation.
Every day they are withdrawing a ton of
money from their accounts, which means
that the real annual burn rate is almost
definitely significantly higher than
what is being reported.
They keep spending money and the income
column in their ledger has become a
wasteland.
This is because the expenses have been
going on non-stop.
Reports say the nine-figure arrangement
with Netflix, originally thought to be
the foundation of their media empire,
has all but disappeared over the course
of recent years. The streaming giant's
desire to produce premium programming
led to a controversial documentary
series that finally left the streaming
behemoth with little interest in more.
The streaming giant's goal was to offer
prestige programming.
Bower was blunt. Meghan had nothing
fresh to give except smiling with a lot
of nonentities.
That was all she had to offer. The deal
with Spotify was a fallout that was even
more public and humiliating than the one
before it.
The two people had just made 13 episodes
of their podcast when the platform's
administration openly called them
grifters and ran away.
This happened although they had signed a
deal which was said to be worth tens of
millions of dollars.
It was not a failure in business, it was
a verdict on their commercial viability.
On a global scale, from a worldwide
perspective, their latest project,
lifestyle brand American Riviera
Orchard, kicked off with a volley of
personalized Instagram posts and gifts
of jam to top influencers, but has yet
to achieve any real commercial momentum.
This is normal the brand launched with
many of these features. The brand,
designed to present Meghan as a
modern-day Martha Stewart, is
floundering, indicating the public has
had enough of the stick.
This is a reflection of the fact that
the public has lost interest in the
performance, and it's because of the
horrific financial image that's been
painted that federal investigators are
taught to ask the one question that they
are trained to ask. It is the question
Tom Bower has been asking for more than
2 years, and it is a question now being
asked by a variety of divisions within
the Internal Revenue Service. The
lifestyle that people see is so far
greater than the pay that is approved
for them that it begs the question of
where the money is coming from. Are
these things to be declared properly?
Within the borders of the United States
of America, there is no such thing as a
conversational question.
It is the trigger of a lifestyle audit.
One of the Internal Revenue Service's
most intrusive and feared methods in its
inventory of weapons.
They can look into every purchase, every
travel, every asset.
They can even ask for a full report on
how the money was earned.
This gives them the power to completely
investigate each and every asset. The
IRS doesn't just take note of the
situation when the data fails to
correlate for two consecutive years, as
appears to have happened with the
Sussexes.
It also opens an investigation into the
subject. This is no longer a question of
calls for such an assessment being made
only on the perimeter of the internet.
The normal financial rationale is being
challenged by tax lawyers and financial
analysts.
This is a consequence of these people
seeing a trend of spending. The
prophetic warning that Bower issued many
years ago now looms over the Montecito
mansion like a death sentence.
They are rapidly burning through their
cash, and they don't know how they're
going to keep funding this lavish
lifestyle.
The cash left over from Princess Diana's
inheritance, which was the final
financial backstop, is limited.
Years ago Bower gave his warning. This
could be run out throughout the next 5
years, taking into account the forecasts
of financial specialists who are looking
into their conditions.
The program will simply cease after that
set amount of money is exhausted.
Another thing to think about is the
Internal Revenue Service will be waiting
to do an audit of the final act. Both a
confession by the Prince of Wales and a
crime by an immigrant. Perhaps none of
the wounds Prince Harry has inflicted
upon himself will prove more
catastrophic than the admissions he has
made in his own book, Spare.
That is because Prince Harry has
inflicted all of these traumas on
himself.
In his own words, recorded in his own
voice for the audiobook, he was
forthright and descriptive about his
usage of hallucinogenic mushrooms,
cocaine, and cannabis.
His statements also serve to explain his
previous experiences with these
substances. But this was not a
confession simply on the personal level
for a man who was living in the United
States on the visa.
Rather, this was a direct challenge to
the basic assumptions that sustain the
immigration legislation in the United
States.
The Immigration and Nationality Act is
notoriously, almost puritanically,
stronger than other rules on the subject
of drug usage compared to other
regulations.
Moreover, it is one of the grounds of
inadmissibility that is most susceptible
to public examination and is uniformly
applied.
Each year, thousands of ordinary
individuals like students, laborers, and
family members are denied admission into
the United States or have their visas
canceled for violations that are far
less serious than the ones Harry praises
in his book.
These include persons who are denied
entry for a number of reasons.
It is not rare for a single drug
occurrence, even one that occurred
decades ago and was truly reported on an
application, to be the basis for a
permanent bar. If this is the case, the
glaringly obvious and politically
explosive question that presents itself
is
are there different rules for a British
monarch than there are for everyone
else? A conservative think organization,
The Heritage Foundation, tried to find
an answer to this question by filing a
Freedom of Information Act request for
Harry's visa application. This
investigation was conducted to determine
the circumstances that led to Harry's
entry and to determine whether or not he
was being truthful about his past drug
usage.
The Department of Homeland Security has
worked tirelessly to keep such documents
under wraps.
But, such efforts have only heightened
suspicion that they have been given
special treatment.
The immigration law attorneys have been
quietly expressing surprise at the
scenario.
They noted Spare's public admissions
should have promptly triggered a
reconsideration of his standing under
normal operating procedures, but this
did not come to pass. Obviously, he is
under some kind of political protection
that no other immigrant has. This is
evident from the fact that he continues
to live in California without any
apparent repercussions. Tom Bower has in
fact hit the nail on the head as to
Harry's mistake.
He was a schoolboy who didn't understand
the damage he was doing to himself.
It was a complete failure to understand
that the rules that he had broken with
impunity in the United Kingdom did not
apply to the harsh reality of the law in
the United States.
It's like a fist about to go off.
In the current bitterly divided
political climate in the United States,
the concept of an outsider who is rich
and successful being given preferential
treatment by government institutions is
toxic.
That's because the discourse around this
topic is toxic.
With the political landscape shifting
daily, it's become increasingly common
to see high-profile allies turn their
backs on him.
Allies who would have once protected
him.
As the days go by and his visa status is
ever more formally tested, the whole
edifice of his life in the United States
will come crashing down. That's because
his visa status permits him to enter the
nation legally.
His children's future is here. His
residency, his right to work, his very
existence here in the country they are
being raised in is all contingent on a
legal status that seems to be built on
foundations of sand.
This is so even though each of these
things are dependent on the other. There
are spirits, it is said, that haunt the
Mediterranean. Before Meghan Markle was
the Duchess of Sussex, before she was an
actress on cable television, there was a
time in her life that has been carefully
scrubbed from the internet.
That was before she developed her acting
career.
This chapter of her life is referred to
by researchers as her Mediterranean
years, and it is this period, long
before she met Prince Harry, that
investigators and mainstream
journalists, no longer content to accept
the carefully curated official
narrative, are now beginning to
scrutinize intensely.
The study Tom Bower has been doing has
continuously painted a picture of a lady
driven by what he calls huge ambition
and total ruthlessness.
A desire that has been there in her
since she was a tiny child or even
earlier for that matter.
The researchers believe that this aim
was the main factor that drove her to
get into the world of the ultra-rich.
That is, on board the luxury yachts that
plow the seas of the Mediterranean.
For quite some time, cruise ships have
been a well-established access route for
aspiring actors and socialites craving
for proximity to power and money. For a
period of years, the notion that Meghan
was a frequent participant in this yacht
circuit was a conspiracy theory on the
edges of society.
That's been the idea of this journey of
incredible grandeur.
As to these vessels, the question has
shifted from whether she was a guest to
how many she was.
It is not a question that takes the
underlying claim as guesswork, but a
question that accepts the proven fact of
the claim and seeks to determine the
level of its relevance.
Now, some of the leading lights of the
mainstream media are openly questioning
whether the number of yachts she visited
before meeting Harry was in the double
or treble figures.
This seismic shift in the public
discourse is being driven by the gradual
emergence of evidence, including images
and sources from people who are no
longer willing to stay silent.
The study's findings imply that these
sources put Meghan in certain
situations, on certain battleships, and
with certain influential men. None of
these incidents had to be the reason why
any of these challenges are explained in
her official biography. This line of
investigation leads directly to the
assembly at Soho House London 2016.
Usually considered the most important
event in the history of the Sussex
tribe.
The official version of the narrative, a
modern-day fairy tale,
involves a blind date, an instant
connection, and a whirlwind romance.
And all these things are all in there.
Still, Bower and a number of other
researchers have been considering for a
long time whether or not this meeting
was not the result of a random chance
occurrence, but rather a well-planned
introduction.
They point to someone like Markus
Anderson, a Soho House executive with
extensive links, as a possible
facilitator.
It has been an obvious anomaly that
Anderson has remained in the Sussexes
inner circle for so long with no
explanation when almost every other
friend and associate has been cast
aside. This is a long-standing reality.
Meghan is quite ruthless in dropping and
dumping people, Bower says.
In any inquiry, the person who survives
such a purge is always the most
interesting person in the room.
And this is the case no matter who is
being investigated.
Meghan goes to great lengths in terms of
getting rid of people.
It is now being suggested that the
meeting was not a fairy tale, but a
transaction.
This is the idea that is put forward and
discussed. To put a frail and
emotionally dependent prince in the path
of an ambitious woman, which was a
deliberate maneuver undertaken by
individuals with important connections.
The purpose was to put the woman in the
way of the prince. The age factor and
the identity of the anomalies in the
biographists interview, serious scholars
have begun to raise uncomfortable and
recurring doubts about the basic facts
of Meghan's life.
Particularly the time frame around the
births of her children, Archie and
Lilibet.
These concerns are growing more and more
serious on top of the issues that have
been made concerning her history.
These are, rather, questions that have
arisen from real discrepancies in the
public record and grave departures from
the established royal precedent in
relation to documentation and access.
There is no element of irresponsibility
in these charges. These investigations
have emanated from these irregularities.
The age problem is perhaps the greatest
obstacle to the acceptance of her
official story. She was born in 1981,
according to her official bio, but there
is increasing evidence that she may well
be much older than that. Maybe as much
as 6 years older.
This is although her year of birth is
given in the official biography.
The charge is not based on supposition,
but on the testimony of those who knew
her when she was young.
The biggest of these came from her own
half-sister, Samantha Markle. Though
Samantha has gone on public saying she
was 11 years old in 1975
when the family was in Chicago, it seems
unlikely Meghan is only 10 years younger
than Samantha.
Samantha has said she was in Chicago at
the time.
This is because Samantha's claim
contradicts the chronological order in
which the events took place.
She has further documentation with
paperwork from the school from the
mid-1980s. It may seem inconsequential
at first glance, yet the age of a
celebrity is not at all irrelevant as it
pertains to this particular environment.
If it finds out that Meghan is older
than she claims to be, it would be
compelled to perform a thorough
reevaluation of her complete life story.
Her Hollywood work background, her
relationships before to her marriage to
Prince Harry,
and most importantly, the timeline of
her relationship with Prince Harry and
the births of her children would all be
called into doubt.
Then that would suggest that she has
been practicing a habit of fundamental
lying at the very basis of the identity
she has presented to the public and to
the Prince and Princess of Wales.
These are problems which must be
answered in the light of the present
state of affairs. And in the light of
the present state of affairs, they are
spinning round with such a velocity that
it is becoming increasingly difficult to
overlook them. The final verdict of the
king in waiting, while the American
state is a menace from the outside, an
even more definitive verdict is waiting
to be delivered down from within the
institution that the Sussexes fled from.
The verdict should be announced at this
exact moment. Regarding what will happen
after Prince William takes the throne,
Tom Bower has been completely upfront in
his opinions. It is no longer a distant
theoretical concern that we can brush
aside. It is a matter of real and
immediate concern. This is no longer a
speculation. The public is worried about
the health of King Charles.
William's actions will be fast, clean,
and definitive, says Bower.
Bower's version of William's doings is
this.
They are about to lose their titles of
Duke and Duchess of Sussex.
Harry will not be able to remain in the
position of Prince of the Realm he holds
now soon enough.
Their children, Archie and Lilibet, will
no longer be entitled to the titles they
had been awarded. There will be a
complete and permanent closing of the
door, and the Sussexes will be
surgically removed from the fabric of
the royal family.
This will be a final and irrevocable
dissolution of the arrangement.
Constitutional law scholars say this is
not an act of vengeance, but an act of
institutional survival.
Unlike his father, William's has a very
different take than his father.
Not only was he one of the main targets
of Meghan and Harry's conduct, but was
also one of the people who suffered the
fallout from their activities.
He knew what the insult was from the
outset and was able to identify it
properly.
The source is psychologically astute to
say that Catherine, Princess of Wales,
did not feel threatened by Meghan, but
felt fury at. It was the fury of a woman
who had spent more than a decade
patiently learning the unglamorous and
backbreaking work of monarchy, which
involved opening hospitals in provincial
towns, attending countless charity
events, and sacrificing her privacy and
freedom.
She was looking at a social climber who
wanted the advantages of the job, but
who had not the slightest intention of
paying the cost of the position in any
shape or form. According to the material
supplied by Bower, Meghan's opinion that
she, and not Catherine, should have been
the future queen was not seen as an
ambition, but rather as a deep and
unsettling hallucination. William tried
to tell his brother, but Harry, who was
in a relationship that seemed to have
been designed to play on his weaknesses,
wouldn't listen to William's warning.
Harry thought the link had been
established to exploit his weaknesses.
He is, to hear the words, rather afraid
of the coming authority of his brother,
and there is good cause for it. It has
been reported that Prince William and
Prince Charles have been pushed to their
breaking point by a recent trip to
Australia that was thought to be
quasi-royal.
It was not a diplomatic or humanitarian
expedition, but a corporate operation in
its most pure form. Meghan charged
thousands for tickets to hear her talk
on women's empowerment. She achieved
this by claiming a royal title, which
she had done nothing to earn, and had
done all she could to discredit. She was
using the royal title for her own
purposes while doing all of this. It is
the full form of the Sussex business
model, which consists of renting out the
title, charging for access, and making
money from a link to an institution that
they have publicly ridiculed. This is
the full version of the Sussex business
plan, and because this commercial
exploitation constitutes an existential
threat to the future king, it is
unimaginable that he would permit it. At
the start of William's reign, a message
will be delivered.
It will be simple, but brutal.
The establishment will continue to exist
and will do so in the future through the
eradication of its cancers. The
convergence of things, the question of
whether or not the Sussex story would
fall apart is no longer relevant.
Rather, the question that has to be
posed at this moment is why it is
falling apart.
The solution lies in a combination of
factors that are destructive to the
population.
The financial problems are not only bad,
they are getting worse.
Both the United States of America and
the United Kingdom have seen a decline
in the level of political protection
that they had hitherto enjoyed.
And this Bower has been aware for a long
time.
>> [snorts]
>> That truth has a momentum of its own
power.
There will be enough contradictions
documented, enough threads pulled, the
official story thrown out as
unacceptable, and the reality beneath
the surface will finally come out.
YouGov's polls have been a death blow to
their brand. Meghan is at 20% popularity
in the United Kingdom with Harry at 30%
approval.
It's a crushing drop for a prince who
was once a darling. Harry has been given
30% approval rating.
Both are detrimental in the commercial
sector.
The level of public hatred being
expressed today is not something that
any respectable firm or key media
partner would ever want to be associated
with. When Tom Bower's book Betrayal was
eventually published, it was like a door
had been opened for him.
He threw forensic light on the story the
Sussexes had been desperate to keep out
of the public eye.
And he did this by uncovering it.
Additional folks are coming in through
with a door at this particular time.
They are investigators from the IRS and
immigration, financial specialists, and
members of the mainstream media who have
ignored the situation for years, but are
now finally asking the questions that
have to be asked.
The questions regarding the money, the
visa, the years spent in the
Mediterranean, the fake encounter, the
contradictions in the biographical facts
are not going to disappear anytime soon.
And these are the ones who are in a
position to demand answers.
And the questions are getting more
urgent and louder as time goes on. Bower
had prophesied that they were a sad,
forlorn couple stuck in a lifestyle they
couldn't afford and sustained by a
fiction no one believed in anymore.
But they are caught in a life they
cannot afford to pay for.
The institution they hate will survive.
It is unavoidable.
Eventually, individuals who betrayed the
family will go on with their lives.
Also, they will remain in their mansion
in Montecito, where they will wait for
the knock on the door, which will be the
sound that signals the end of the fairy
tale in its entirety. Thank you for
watching the video. Please let us know
your thoughts, and goodbye for now.