Donald Trump is elated and has publicly
celebrated the news that Harry and
Meghan have left America.
>> Subject of foreign visitors to the
United States.
What's your reaction to the recent news
that Prince Harry and Meghan left the
United States and gone back to Britain?
>> I'm happy about it.
I was not a fan. I thought look, I had a
very good relationship with the Queen.
Really good. I got to know her very
well.
>> A really good relationship with King
Charles. I knew him as Prince Charles
and King Charles. I've known him for a
long time. He's great, great guy.
And I thought they treated the royal
family with great disrespect.
>> Yep.
>> I didn't like it. I didn't like the way
she acted. I thought she was
terribly disrespectful to the Queen,
to
King Charles.
And uh
I don't know.
Maybe I'm different. I wouldn't have
taken them back.
If I were the royal family, I would I
would not have taken them back.
>> No. No, I don't think they had a choice
though, did they? And what a burn. I
mean, how happy is the president that
they're out of the country? Bye. We'll
see you later.
And as you'll remember, Trump has
previously threatened to deport Harry
over his past drug use amid concerns
that he lied on his visa application.
Well, Trump didn't even have to give
them a heave-ho because they
self-evicted themselves. America is
saying goodbye, good riddance.
They've always been unwelcome in the US
and they should never, as Trump said,
been allowed back into the UK, neither
country.
And now look, I've got to say Meghan
Markle, right? I think that she should
be a member of the Communist Party.
Marxist Meghan has a ring to it, don't
you think? Because the dictator herself
is out making new and extraordinary
demands, this time of parents at her
kids' new school in the Cotswolds in the
English countryside. Yes, Comrade Meghan
has entered the Cotswolds, everyone.
Now royal commentator and friend of News
24, this very channel, Kinsey Schofield,
has exclusively revealed that parents
had been contacted by school officials
about new school rules pertaining to
high-profile students. So, she's told
Page Six the message sent to families
has essentially said that from time to
time some families joining the school
may attract a greater level of public or
media interest. It then reminded parents
and carers not to photograph or film
other children without permission or
share photographs, information, or
details about pupils or their families
on social media. Now, Kinsey Schofield
said that she heard from a source that
the Sussexes had approached multiple
schools before relocating across the
pond.
Well, gee, you know,
nothing screams uh normal school
experience quite like every other parent
being reminded not to take photos, film
in the playground, or dare to share a
crumb of information online. Again, pure
dictatorship. Surrender your phones at
the gate. I mean, that's the sort of
style this is. So, you can understand
why locals are indeed fed up. They're
rolling their eyes and feel suffocated
by the full-on Sussex circus descending
on year one.
And Marxist Meghan, she hasn't stopped
there.
She's issued a list of demands for her
and Prince Harry's new UK home. She
apparently wants it to be fitted with
nine bedrooms to match the $15 million
Montecito property the pair already
owns. Meghan's Meghan has even gone as
far as to ask for a film studio in the
home.
Um well, what for? So, she can maybe, I
don't know, give her husband a little
reenactment of this moment?
>> Come on, we were up all night.
>> You kept me up all night.
>> You kept me up all night.
>> Yeah, and we'll just leave that one
right there. Oh, and there's one more
demand.
An apology. Now, apparently Harry and
Meghan want an apology from the royal
family, which, you know, at this point
feels like a customer service complaint
that's just been escalated right up to
the king. It's like, you know, take your
grievance ticket, we'll be with you
shortly. Grievance in aisle five.
Can someone go to aisle five, please?
Look, the Sussex the Sussexes have spent
years airing their grievances.
Yet, they have somehow come to this
bizarre conclusion that somebody else
needs to say sorry.
I you know, I can just picture it. You
got you'll probably have, you know,
Harry phone out, checking in around the
Cotswolds like this, checking, checking.
Meghan's drafting the wording for their
latest demands.
At this point, perhaps the royal family
should just send over a gift card for a
grievance-free end to the year.
So, while these two are throwing a
tantrum
and parents are being told to keep their
phones away, don't take any photos,
Meghan can continue her long-running and
quite frankly tiresome campaign for
privacy, preferably
and no doubt with
a camera crew nearby.
Joining me now is UK barrister,
broadcaster, and president of Octopus
TV, Andrew Eborn. Andrew, wonderful to
have you back on the show. Thank you so
much. It's a delight to
>> like to join you, as always.
>> Thank you. You're such a delight
yourself. Now, look, it's been a huge
week in the world of Sussexes, hasn't
it? And I've got to start with this
apparent warning letter that has been
sent from the Sussexes to the school
that their kids will attend in the UK
outlining new strict rules surrounding
the young royals. Uh this is according
to royal commentator Kinsey Schofield.
She claims that residents in the
Cotswolds were contacted by school
officials reminding parents and carers
not to photograph or film other children
without permission, share photographs,
information, or details about the pupils
and their families on social media. I
mean, Andrew, you know, that they've
already come halfway around the world
again, they've done the reverse Megxit,
and now suddenly rocking up to the
school gate with a list of demands. What
do you make of the development?
>> Well, it is extraordinary, and I
predicted on News 24 that they would be
returning to the UK a week before it was
even announced here, even before the
King knew. So, we predicted it here
first. Um privacy panic, isn't it?
They're spreading through the playground
as the Sussex shadow reaches Britain's
school gates. What's happened,
apparently, I say apparently cuz there's
a bit of speculation, but families in
the Cotswolds have reportedly said
received this sort of communication from
a school. We're not even sure it's the
right school. But, they're warning that
some incoming families could bring
greater level of public or media
interest. Now, you compare that to
what's happening about Prince George.
He's about to start at Eton. We know
he's going to Eton. There've been all
sorts of photographs of Prince William
and Princess Catherine, some of which
she's taken and so on and so forth. And
it's a very interesting relationship
between the princes and the press. And
you know, Harry's been in and out of
court with the press. Some he's been
successful and some not so successful,
and he's got a huge legal bill as a
result of it. But, this is an ongoing
battle. The problem is this, is that you
need to give the press something.
Everybody knows that there privacy
concerns. It goes all the way back to
Harry and his mother, obviously Princess
Diana. And it was her death anniversary
of that on the 31st of August, just a
few days ago.
What happened is this, is it's ongoing
concern about privacy. And they're sort
of playing, if you like. They they need
the press in order to support their
various activities,
and they also at the same time don't
want to get over intrusion. I think the
best solution here, and I suggested this
before, is that maybe to help bridge the
terrible divide between the brothers,
what should happen is they should ask
Princess Catherine, who is a brilliant
photographer, uh ask her to do the
official photographs, which they can
then release. And that way you can feed
the media in a sort of sensible way, but
obviously any parent's going to be
concerned about having privacy uh
issues with their own child, and they're
making sure their children are not sort
of posted all over social media. But
other royals seem to manage, so you
wonder what what exactly is that sort of
happening here. Uh but this is what's
happening at the moment. There's a lot
of speculation as to where they may go
to school. We were told it's in the
Cotswolds, uh and so on and so forth.
All of that will become apparent, but
what's interesting, obviously, is that
the foreign press uh will probably be at
not suffer the same restrictions as the
British press over here. Uh time will
tell, but certainly Archie uh Lilibet,
uh they're both over here now. And
Angela lightened it, something I've been
wanting to happen in terms of the the
king himself. Uh for him to get reunited
with his grandchildren is a really
positive thing, uh and I would certainly
applaud that. Uh but the ongoing saga
and the drama between the prince and the
press is going to continue.
>> Yeah, and look, uh I mean, you know, I I
again, uh you know, once upon a time
Harry said that he can't imagine a world
in which he would return to the UK, and
then surprise. Uh what a different 6
years makes, Andrew. Absolutely
incredible. Um so there's more demands
as well from Meghan. So we've got the
school demands, uh but also her return
to the UK may make it difficult uh
finding household staff that are willing
to work for her, because there have been
some reports that when Meghan was
previously living in the UK, the way
that she interviewed household staff was
rude. Uh applicants would come in for
interview for housekeeping or maid
positions, and were basically forbidden
from speaking to her. Page Six says that
applicants were allegedly told to hand
over their resumes and stand silently
while Markle looked over them. Andrew,
this is not the first time we've heard
allegations of this nature about the
tone that Meghan uses, the way that she
goes about things.
You know, I just don't understand why
she just can't be a pleasant individual.
>> No, absolutely. So, this is the reporter
gave it's denied. It was put to uh to
Meghan's team. Always denied. Always
denied. Uh but silent scrutiny. I mean,
imagine the humiliation if you're going
for a job and you had over you a bit of
paper and you're you're looked up and
down. You're forbidden from saying
anything at all. Stark standards.
Basically, it's explosive yet again
about these
interview techniques that Meghan may or
may not have. The relevant people are
barely able to speak. She would simply
look at the resume, look at them up and
down, and sort of dismiss them. Uh and
they they did classify it as extremely
rude is what they said. Who on earth
would want to work in such circumstances
if it were true? Um these are from
unnamed sources. I'm never a fan of
unnamed sources.
Um so, but I can understand why they
would want to remain unnamed. And
basically, what would happen it'd be
interesting to see those who are
successful if they're allowed to talk
about it cuz I'm pretty sure that one of
the conditions would be that you have to
sign an NDA so there's no disclosure as
to what may happen at any time cuz
obviously, they want to keep that
particular side for themselves. Um but
compelling accounts. It does raise sort
of bigger questions, doesn't it, about
how stories of workplace culture uh can
become inseparable from the public image
of a celebrity household. Mute,
measured, and merciless. Well, that
that'll be interesting. Uh but the real
test, as they say, will be who's
actually going to go working for them
on that sort of basis. But very, very
interesting. I had lunch with Abigail
Spencer
Spencer who was
one of Meghan's colleagues,
sort of co-star of Suits. And she was
singing Meghan's praises. So, I think
there are all sorts of good sides that
also need to be listened to. But it's
certainly interesting on that sort of
thing. And clearly, Abigail would not be
a member of staff. So, we've got a very
different treatment.
>> Well, that's true. But also, don't
forget there's been the allegations of
bullying when it comes to their
charities as well. So this is not a
one-off criticism. This is something
that has clearly there is a theme or a
pattern developing
when it comes to criticisms leveled at
the Sussexes and the way that they treat
people. So
watch this space as they say. Andrew
earlier on you mentioned about the
reunion with King Charles and the two
grandkids Lilibet and Archie.
And I just wonder as well now about the
broader implications when it comes to
William and Kate. Now apparently Prince
William and Kate Middleton are trying to
quietly navigate Prince Harry and Meghan
Markle's move. They're resisting any
knee-jerk reaction.
There's been a source telling people
that they are watching this space. It's
private. They don't feel the need to say
anything or demonstrate anything
outwardly and what why would they?
They've always been very private and
that the monarchy are typically very
private.
And then on reconciliation it says that
there will be a slow build because there
is such a deep sense of betrayal. Now
I'm not surprised by that. We've We've
seen it play out in the public eye for
six years that sort of betrayal and I
don't think that that's something that
you can fix overnight. But how do you
think that William and Catherine will
handle this?
>> Well, it's extraordinary, isn't it? I
mean it's Shakespearean in terms of the
fights between the brothers, the feud. I
always say that trust comes in on foot
and leaves on horseback and trust
between the two brothers is at an
all-time low. Obviously since the
revelations in spare and William feels
betrayed. That's the reality. I have Dr.
Arthur Cassidy who's a a brilliant
psychologist on my show all the time and
analyzes the royals and various others
and he says the first sort of stage to
the reconciliation is admitting that
there's been some wrongdoing. But both
parties feel as though they've been
wronged. So it's trying to build that
bridge if you like. But this is what's
happening with William. Obviously he's
the monarch in waiting. He's getting
ready. He's making sure his own family
are are there they're brought up as
normal children. He's going to an
eye-watering school, Prince George, as I
say, eye-watering in terms of fees, over
60,000 pounds is going to be spent on
fees and so on and so forth. But, he's
made it very clear that he wants a very
different life. He wants to bring up his
children as normal as possible. We had
the great Eugene Levy interview which
showed Prince William being a normal
chap, going down the pub with a pint
arriving on an electric scooter and so
on and so forth. And Harry, as opposed
to all of that, is, as you say, trying
to control the narrative, as we heard on
that sort of basis. But, the reports
they're saying is that they try they
don't want this knee-jerk reaction. They
don't want the press speculating and so
on and so forth. But, I would really
sort of urge them to address this deep
sense of betrayal. And I think this is
the problem because the king would love
it, obviously, if his sons could get on,
in memory of Diana. And I was hoping
that for the 20 it was the 20 ninth
anniversary, as I say, on the 31st of
August this year, it will be the 30th
next year. It would be great if the
brothers could bury the hatchet, not in
each other's heads, but bury the
hatchet, and try and find a way forward
so the families can navigate. If only
for the cousins themselves, cuz it would
be great if they could get on. They're
not too dissimilar in age. But, clearly
there's an issue there. The other
interesting thing is Diana's brother,
Charles Spencer, obviously has been a
wonderful support for Prince Harry. It
was obviously talked about that
they may have visited and so on and so
forth. And he he was the one who
publicly spoke out. He's been on my show
a few times as well. And he he basically
said that he felt very sorry for the
young Prince Harry when I think he was
12 and having to walk behind his
mother's coffin in front of millions, an
audience of millions around the world,
and the deep emotional scars that that
would have had. And it might explain the
person that he's become and the reason
he's so worried about the press and so
on and so forth. But there is that
balance, isn't it? There's that strange
balance between being very cautious
about the press and wanting to make sure
you get the publicity so you can finance
your own lifestyle. And that's the
interesting balance. But what he mustn't
do, mustn't do, is sell the stories
about the rest of his family because he
will never ever ever build the trust
again if he does that. And but I for
one, and I'm sure you're the same, it'd
be great if the family could get back
together again. Families all have
issues. We all have issues. The trouble
is they have to live out their issues to
a watching world hungry for more and
more scandal.
>> Yeah, and there's also another big issue
and her name is Meghan Markle. And I you
know, I I think that she's she's in the
background, Andrew. She's going
"Kaching, kaching." She's she's got the
ball and chain exactly where where she
wants him. So,
you know, I agree. Fantastic. If there's
a reunion, I'm all for it.
The question is what does Meghan want?
That that is the the pertinent question.
Now let's talk about
>> I think Meghan Meghan wants to be front
and center. And this is the problem,
isn't it? It's the dynamic because the
general public over here the media is
very strange in in many parts of the
world. They sort of have a love-hate
relationship. And you must remember that
Meghan and Harry were adored when it
first started. It then turned into this
sort of we call it Marmite over here.
It's Vegemite in the States where you
either love it or you hate it.
And they've now turned into this sort of
pantomime the baddie if you like. So I
think it's going to be an interesting
relationship. Princess Catherine is
adored over here and that's not going to
sit comfortably with Meghan. If you're
coming over here and you want to be in
the in the limelight, you were hoping to
get that acting role. There were all
sorts of reports about being in The
Gentlemen, not in The Gentlemen, and so
on and so forth. They need to have a
sense of purpose and it's very difficult
when they're not working royals. What
are they going to do? But I always
praise Harry and I think it's important
I praise him for his his work in mental
health. I praise him for what he did
with the Invictus Games. And I always
say it's much better. I want us to be
the generation that talks about mental
health, so the next generation doesn't
suffer the stigma. And certainly Prince
Harry has gone a long way about talking
about that. So, he needs to focus on the
good work and work on that sort of basis
cuz then that basically he'll ingratiate
himself to the general public and the
press again. But, I think that dynamic
between Catherine and Meghan is going to
be very, very interesting.
>> Well, Catherine will outclass Meghan
every single time. And I I do believe
that the British public know that that
firsthand.
Um now look, from one problematic royal
to another, G Andrew
Mountbatten-Windsor,
look, the saga's continuing, Andrew, and
I just can't see it letting up anytime
soon. So, US Republican Thomas Massie
has used congressional privilege to
accuse Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor of
committing sex crimes in the US. He
dropped the bombshell during a speech in
the House of Representatives about the
late pedophile Jeffrey Epstein, where he
named 14 co-conspirators.
>> And Prince Andrew, who committed sex
crimes in the United States, too. And
women like Leslie Groff, not a victim,
who conspired with Epstein to traffic
other women. Perhaps hearing these names
will shame the Department of Justice
into delivering justice. I yield.
>> Now, obviously Andrew, he's done this
under privilege in the House of
Representatives, so he is allowed to to
make those sorts of of statements. How
much pressure is building on Andrew
Mountbatten-Windsor? Because there have
been long-standing calls for him to give
evidence
about, you know, his time with Jeffrey
Epstein. They were of course good
friends. But, is pressure still building
in your view?
>> Oh, absolutely. I think Andrew's
probably a broken man. There's a tsunami
of scandal and the royal family were
really hoping that it would disappear.
We've had to them booted out of the uh
the Royal Lodge, the 30-room mansion
they used to live in. They're basically
now living in a in a shoebox. We've had
uh Sarah Ferguson returning to this
country as well. So, every day uh that
the headlines are still there. And what
happens that we have parliamentary
privilege over here as well. People can
say things in Parliament without fear of
being sued for it. Um but, what Thomas
Massie has done is exactly he's brought
it front and center again. He's named
him. Uh obviously, Andrew has always
denied wrongdoing. Uh he is uh being uh
investigated at the moment, as you know,
for uh basically abusing a in a public
position. Uh misuse of that sort of
side. And that's an extremely serious
offense cuz it carries with it uh the
potential maximum of life imprisonment.
Um so, we need to watch out and see what
happens over there. Um but, as when when
we touched the story and the story
broken, I was uh on more platforms than
Paddington talking about it. Um we have
a very, very strong rules about what you
can and cannot say. Uh because nothing
must uh prejudice a fair trial over
here. And there's a risk that once
somebody's been arrested of contempt of
court. So, if people speculate or they
sort of um you know, provide evidence
that they themselves may think they
have, uh then there's a risk of contempt
of court. And then people And that has a
up to two that well, 2 years
imprisonment. Uh so, this is why we got
to be very, very careful about this. Um
but, parliamentary privilege is
basically it's getting those headlines
again saying he's being accused or
actually directly accusing him uh of
these sex crimes. Everybody's entitled
to a fair trial. Uh the pressure is on
there. I always say that sunlight is the
best disinfectant. And always And this
is what the king himself said, always
the first thought is to the victims. And
that's got to be right in front and
center. Then let make sure that justice
goes through the fair sort of process.
Um give the fair trial, but sunlight is
the best disinfectant. So, go and give
whatever help you can do uh to clear
your name if that if that's the case or
or otherwise. But, answer those
questions. Leaving questions unanswered
will make sure that people fill the
vacuum and speculate and keep raising
these issues. They won't go away however
much the royal family hope that that
stain will go away. They won't unless
and till and finally there's sort of an
appropriate judgment accordingly.
>> Well, that's right. And Andrew would be
hoping uh would be sweating. Probably he
doesn't sweat actually. He would be
hoping that uh
>> No sweat. Absolutely.
>> No sweat. No sweat apparently. He would
be hoping that they go right. And I
completely agree with you because people
are now filling the voids. If you've got
nothing to hide, well, you know what? Go
and give evidence. Why don't you say
what you knew, what you witnessed. Uh go
and do it. And I'm with you all the way
because otherwise the speculation is
only going to get bigger and bigger and
you're going to have politicians like
the Republican being able to say these
things uh in a privileged environment.
So, no, I I totally totally agree with
you.
>> And and you're so and you're so right on
this. And and it's also important as I
say there's other really serious charge
about abuse in a sort of public
position. The the threshold for
prosecution for that and conviction is
exceptionally high. What it does it
requires a serious departure from the
proper standards that actors in the
front of public office. And it's ex-
except in really really rare exceptional
circumstances courts view deterrence as
paramount. In other words, if there's a
conviction, uh this almost invariably
attracts an immediate custodial
sentence. So, uh this undoubtedly will
be hanging over him as well. But, as I
say, we can't speculate on that because
of contempt of court rules. But, from
palace to Congress, when a US lawmaker
puts sex crime allegations against the
former British royal on the record, uh
the Andrew storm is no longer just a
British headache. You know, it's a
worldwide subject yet again and it will
remain front and center the continued
tsunami of scandal.
>> Yeah, not going away and it won't be
going away anytime soon. I I completely
agree with you. Um, let's look at some
British politics now. I thought this was
quite interesting, Andrew. Kemi
Badenoch's Conservatives have overtaken
Reform for the first time in 18 months,
is according to a new poll, finding that
Tory support stands at 23%. The Tories
total vote share is just one point ahead
of Reform and three points behind
Labour. So, only one point, and I mean,
you know, probably from Reform's
perspective, they're going, "It's It's
what It's a poll. It's one poll." Um,
Andrew, I I just wonder how much of an
impact the the by-election, of course,
in Nigel Farage's seat has had. Is that
a factor, do you think? Or what what are
you putting it down to?
>> Well, I I think the tur- turquoise tidal
wave, as I called it, is turning now
effectively. I think that the whole
Clacton by-election was a farce, wasn't
it? You had Count Binface dominating
headlines.
And we love Count Binface. You know,
he's a wonderful comedian, but he looks
very good. The Monster Raving Loony
Party, who had made me a lord, they've
done it in their the King's on birthday
honors list. And they were also out
there. They fielded three candidates
this time. It was the longest ballot
paper in political history. Where all of
these extraordinary candidates came out,
and the poor returning officer having to
keep a straight face as he read them all
out. Nigel himself wasn't there cuz he
was concerned about security issues.
Whether or not that that was
an issue, I think there's been varying
reports may vary,
or as recollections may vary, as the
late Queen would have would have said
about such things. And the reality is
this, is that Tory traction Reform
retreat is what's happening. It's a
stunning poll reversal. It's put the
Conservatives back in front of Nigel
Farage's party. This is a More in Common
poll, as you say, reported on the 1st of
September. Labour on 26%, the
Conservatives on 23, and Reform on 22.
So, that gives the Conservatives a
one-point lead over Reform. And the
result was reported as the
Conservatives' first lead over Reform in
18 months. What happens? Obviously,
you've also got people like
Rupert Lowe, who used to be part of
Nigel's merry band of men. His Restore
Britain was also registering support at
4%. Andy Burnham must be delighted he's
got that Burnham bump in popularity.
He's coming forward. He's doing all the
wonderful sound bites. He's tackling all
the sort of issues that people want
tackled. And if I were him, I would
seriously consider. We've got Keir
Starmer, obviously, just resigned as an
MP. We've got a by-election. He should
seriously be looking at a general
election now while the the right is
fragmented. And I've often talked to
people that I had lots of them again on
my show from all the different so-called
right and indeed other parties. And if
you don't unite the right, effectively,
what's going to happen is Labour will
get in anyway. That's the wake-up call.
So, they need to realize the
Conservatives need to do a deal with
somebody. The Tories need to get
together with with Nigel, and Nigel
needs to get together with Rupert,
and work on that sort of basis. And it
is interesting, actually, what happened
is Rupert did offer to get together, put
their differences aside, and get
together with Nigel. But basically, he
had about five demands, some of which
were clearly never going to be accepted
because he said you can't have any
failed Tories in the cabinet.
And and obviously, Nigel's got a few of
the few of those at the moment. But it's
very interesting what's happening
politically. But while the right are
fighting in amongst themselves, Labour
are continuing to storm ahead. And we
just had the first Prime Minister's
Question Time
in the last few hours with Andy Burnham
talking about he doesn't want to do any
more of these sort of point scorings. He
wants to just get on and make some sort
of positive changes. And that will
appeal to the electorate. So, I think
that's what we need to do, start having
grown-up conversations, and work on that
basis. But Keir's own popularity is
working very, very well. Um, I predict,
and I we're quite good at these
predictions so far, I predict that Nigel
won't necessarily be the leader forever
and Reform will be looking themselves
cuz he's got his own issues now. They've
reinvestigated reopened the
investigation into those donations and
so on and so forth. There could well be,
depending on how it goes, yet another
by-election. And for that particular
one, they the other parties will field
candidates. The other thing that's going
to happen as well, obviously Keir
Starmer the super dynamic Keir Starmer,
he's obviously steps stepped down. That
will trigger a by-election. And Zack
Polanski could well be fielded as
a candidate to get that particular seat.
And if so, the Greens have a real
prospect of becoming having yet another
MP. And that would be quite a
significant upset for for Andy Burnham
enjoying his current coronation.
>> Yeah, watch this space. Wait and see.
That'll be very, very fascinating. They
don't think anybody's going to be
missing Keir Starmer. Goodbye and good
good riddance to him, I'd say.
>> Maybe down at the Pineapple Pub,
apparently. That's where he likes to go.
>> Well, good. Good on him.
>> Let's go and have a pint down there.
>> Yeah, go go drown your sorrows, Keir, at
the pub. That's probably all you're good
for at at this point. Look, before we
let you go, I just want to ask you about
this story. Israel has warned it will
retaliate against Britain if the
government imposes sanctions over its
plans to expand settlements in the West
Bank. The Israeli Foreign Minister
Gideon Saar issued the warning after
Foreign Secretary Ed Miliband pledged a
comprehensive reset of Britain's policy
towards Israel. Saar said if Britain
acts against Israel, Israel will act
against Britain. If they act, I think it
would be making a huge and big mistake.
Look, Andrew, we know that the Labour
Party over there, they've been
notoriously, in my view, quite
anti-Israel since the October 7
massacre. And like our government here,
you know,
they recognized a Palestinian state and
seem generally sympathetic to the to
Palestinian cause putting the the uh
Jews as second in my view. Uh but what
do you make of this warning?
>> Well, it is and as you say Ed Miliband,
our foreign secretary, he's promised
this comprehensive reset of UK policy
towards Israel. They're basically
examining measures aimed at preventing
British companies from financing,
constructing, or advertising new Israeli
settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Uh he's described this controversial E1
settlement plan as a red line arguing
that it threatens the viability of a
future Palestinian state. As you say,
the foreign minister, the Israeli
foreign minister, he said, "Look, if
Britain acts against Israel, Israel will
act against Britain." Now, that's quite
a dramatic threat. At stake is the
future tone of Britain's relationship
with a long-standing ally. How far
London is prepared to go in applying
economic and diplomatic pressure. Um
now, obviously, the warning comes when
the Prime Minister was told last week
that imposing sanctions on Israel could
trigger a furious standoff uh with
Donald Trump. And you might recall that
Washington criticized Ireland just a few
weeks ago for introducing similar
measures against Israel. I I and they
warned of unintended consequences for
hundreds of businesses in branding the
move unhelpful. Uh you will also know
that the US anti-boycott laws restrict
companies and individuals from
participating in boycotts of Israel that
are not approved or sanctioned by
Washington. So, it's a very big risk of
Trump and the Israelis taking
retaliatory measures. Uh we need to
weigh this very very carefully uh whilst
looking at the relevant arguments. I
always like to try and find resolution.
And we've got to look at that sort of
side, but blink or break is where we are
at the moment. Uh Britain threatens
action, Israel vows retaliation, and the
world is watching to see who blinks
first.
>> Yeah, and that's I feel like it's been
the case uh you know, since October 7th.
Absolutely right. Andrew Eborn, lovely
to see you again. Thank you so much for
joining me on the show. Great to be with
you.
>> It's lovely to be with you. Look forward
to joining you next time.