Welcome back to our channel, where we provide updates and undisclosed narratives on Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. We are excited to share the following news with you:

Meghan Markle disclosed more than just a pleasant family vacation with her audience in a video viewed with millions of people and the scenes with sun-dappled landscapes were the evidence. Her challenge to the British Crown was crystal clear and unambiguous. It was a piece of risky provocation that camouflaged itself to the spectators as a beautiful representation of domestic life. This public display of their children in a publicly identifiable location in the United Kingdom was no accident. It was a message to a couple who have spent the last six years insisting that their very existence depend on anonymity. The message was aimed for the pair. This is the inside account of a deliberate act of psychological warfare, a move designed to corner a king and provoke a crisis which may perhaps change the monarchy itself. This was a method used to encircle a fallen king.

The photographs, at first view, seemed just like a textbook illustration of modern public relations. Young prince Archie rode his bike down a country road, with himself in confidence. Princess Lilibet was spotted beside a roaring fire. The whole family, including the dog and the visiting deer, spend a peaceful day fishing by a gorgeous lake. The life they had chosen was a finely created tableu, an image of a flawlessly rustic paradise they had made for themselves. It was a fantasy show of their life. The landmarks, however, were as plain as a Union Jack to anyone with the slightest understanding of the English countryside, or access to a search engine. Anyone who knew anything about the English countryside knew this. There were a few clues that something wasn’t right. The farm track had a strange configuration of two parallel strips of concrete with a grass margin for pollinators. The nearby bridge had an unusual curve. The shoreline of the lake was recognisable. This was a map they made up. The digital village had, within minutes of the footage being released to the world, already done what the Sussexes must have been informed they would do: geolocate the family's safe haven. The couple had just doxed themselves after they had just finished giving a lecture to the public about the predatory nature of the media and later sued newspapers for breach of privacy. They were the ones who initially brought the lawsuit against the periodicals.

It was not a mistake. It was not a mistake by a beginner. That people connected to the Sussex camp reacted as if they were shocked their whereabouts could be revealed so easily is a piece of foolishness that undermines both their supporters and their critics’ brains. That is an example of stupidity that demeans the intelligence of both groups. Veteran royal watchers and security experts who have followed the royal family for some time said the move was a provocative and essentially cynical ploy. There was a public 'double dare'. It was directed at the Royal Family and the state of the United Kingdom in particular. We all know where we are now and there is a lot of unspoken knowledge that was very evident. I am aware of the danger that we, together with our children, are now in. If you do not give us the armed security that we require, then you will be accountable for any and all matters that arise from your failure to do so. It is a manufactured crisis approach, an escalation designed to make the cost of refusal political and emotional untenability for King Charles. It is, simply put, a strategy of manufactured crisis. This act of digital brinkmanship has pulled back the curtain on a much more extensive and desperate conflict: A prince’s firm belief that he can bend the institution that has been around for a thousand years to his will, and a father-king’s emotional fragility that may just allow him to succeed. Both of these causes contribute to the conflict .

The Prince’s Gambit is all about having a mistaken idea that you are necessary to the circumstance.

But before we try to understand Prince Harry’s taste for such a risky technique, it’s important to get a sense of the strange psychological space he’s in at the moment. It is claimed that Harry is working under the true conviction that the Royal Family is not only tolerant of him, but that they really need him. This is the perspective of a great many insiders who have direct personal knowledge of his way of thinking. He believes the monarchy, in its current, weakened form, does not have the star power, the “glitz and the glamor” that can only be supplied by him and his wife. He thinks the monarchy has no star power. There’s no question he’s coming back. The question is when he’ll come back and he’ll come back on his terms. He will return in his own good time. He is the monarchy’s prodigal son in his own eyes and his eventual restoration to his position will be met with joy and celebration by both the public and the palace, which has finally recognised his true worth. This is because at last the palace has come to appreciate his true worth.

There is no vacuum in which to insert this world view, which many seasoned observers find extremely foolish. This is the end of a life inside the gilded cage of monarchy, your status confirmed from birth onwards. This sort of thing becomes very problematic from the point of view of a “spare.” The spare has existed in suspended animation all its life. Once the heir starts having children of their own, they often tend to forget about it, considering that it is an essential insurance policy. This can produce a unique blend of entitlement and fury, as in the case of the Duke of Windsor who never quite accepted his reduced rank after abdicating. - This is something we can see in people. Harry had been raised up, as so many had been before him, amid the trappings of huge wealth and public adulation. Later, he learned, however, he was becoming less important as the family of Prince William grew.

The fact that he was married to Meghan, a Hollywood actress who is both charismatic and ambitious, contributed to the strengthening of this relationship. Multiple sources say Prince Harry thinks his wife is “better at being royal than anybody else” and that the family’s supposed animosity against her is because they’re jealous of how naturally good she is at the job. This has been reported many times. They believe their wings were cut not for violations of protocol or complaints by workers, but because their brilliance was a threat to the established order. This is the foundation of their victim mythology. It’s said that their wings were clipped. This well of perceived unfairness is the basis for his strategy now, and it is inspired by this well. If an institution sacked him for being too effective, one can only imagine that the same institution, which currently is reeling under the burden of health difficulties and perceived lack of charm, must be regretting that decision. That’s because the institution is in turmoil right now on fears for his health.

This is such a convincing paradigm that Harry feels that he can simply break out from the rigid confines of the Sandringham Summit. The last and final declaration by the Queen about the departure of the Sussexes was made at the Sandringham Summit. Sources close to the King’s plans say that the King will most likely “change his mind” eventually and destroy the firewall his mother worked so hard to build. This is therefore some proof of a particular presumption. The palace sent a formal letter reiterating the parameters of the Sandringham agreement. It was intriguing to see the degree of outrage that exploded out of Harry’s camp when the letter was published. This was the rage, more specifically, of someone who felt betrayed, as if a secret deal with his father had been made public and violated. Not the anger of one reminded of a negotiated settlement. It has been alleged that he feels he should have been contacted . This is a request that reveals his perception of the agreement not as an institution regulation that is legally enforced but as a family arrangement that is up for discussion. This is a demand that reflects his attitude to the deal. He has no doubt that he is able to renegotiate this deal with a father who, as far as he knows, is prepared to make peace with his daughter.

The secret war ripping the palace apart is ripping one of the mansions sitting in the palace apart.

The self-confidence that Prince Harry exhibits is by no means wholly unwarranted. But in contrast, this is not only a PR dispute. No, this is a fundamental battle over the character and existence of the Crown itself. It is a bitter ideological struggle between two warring factions, colloquially known within palace walls as the “Hawks” and the “Doves.” Its roots go back to a fundamental and increasingly visible division that existed at the very center of the monarchy, where it was established.

One group that is thought to be the representatives of the institutionalist perspective are those called Hawks. This group includes the senior family members and conventional courtiers. They believe the monarchy derives its strength from its commitment to ideas of hierarchy, communal responsibility and discipline. That is the source of the power of the monarchy. To them the institution is of highest importance while the humans who form part of the institution are merely custodians of the institution for the time being. They have committed the most heinous of sins for them: they have personalised their service, they have targeted the institution for personal gain and they have broken the sacrosanct code of silence. From their point of view, rewarding this behaviour with a tailored, semi-royal role and protection paid for by the state would be institutional suicide. That would be suicide of the first order for the institution. If that happened it would send out the idea that the monarchy was weak, its laws capricious, and that any member who was unhappy had the power to blackmail his or her way back into favour. There were a number of people known to be some of the most notable advocates of this extreme position. One was Sir Clive Alderton, a former private secretary to the King. Many saw his rapid departure, which coincided with the intensification of the Harry rumours, as the ultimate act of a courtier who could no longer 'stand over' his principal's judgements; it was a vote of no confidence in the King's chosen route. Speculation about Harry’s comeback was growing when he left.

One of the factions involved is the Doves, and King Charles III is the de facto leader of the organization. Now the Doves are at the head of the opposition. The fundamental motivations of the Doves are not the historical precedents set by the Constitution; it is the emotions, the personal experiences and the pressing need for family reunification that are the primary motivating causes. People think the King’s motivations are so complicated and so personal that they are difficult to understand. There is a tremendous undercurrent of remorse among a considerable number of individuals living in the royal family. He knows the allegations made against him in Harry’s memoir, Spare, inside out. “He knows about these allegations. One charge that has been levelled against him is that he was an emotionally distant parent who did not protect his sons from the traumatic aftermath of their mother’s death. Charles also knows that he disregarded the wishes of both sons to follow his own pleasure with Camilla, now Queen Consort. He did this for the satisfaction of his own desires. This residual sense of regret renders him particularly susceptible to what one furious courtier described as Harry's "emotional blackmail."

At the same time, Charles, who has only recently assumed the role of king, is obsessed with the "optics" of his power. And a monarch who is on non-speaking terms with one of his sons and who has de facto banished a sibling does not convey an impression of being a stable and unifying head of the family and the nation. Possibly he thinks that his family system is defective, and he has compromised his moral authority to rule by virtue of it. He has decided to pursue a strategy of appeasement, which involves regularly offering olive branches, which the Hawks see as dangerous concessions. This was a decision based on his own agony and fear about appearing in public. This is a distinction that is loaded with precariousness and risk under the harsh climate that is the monarchy since he is, in effect, behaving more as a father than as a king. But the Hawks fear it will be a pyrrhic victory, attained at the expense of the very discipline and mystique which has enabled the monarchy to last for a span of one thousand years. They worry that the Doves’ apparent inevitability would pave the way for Harry’s comeback.

THE QUEEN AS GHOST: THE BETRAYAL OF A CONFESSOR AND THE DISAPPEARANCE OF OMERT

The breakdown in royal discipline is already beginning to show itself in disturbing ways, and the consequences of this breakdown are already beginning to surface in a cascade. The late Queen Elizabeth II’s closest confidante and personal dresser Angela Kelly is said to be open to appearing in a documentary about her life. It’s a physical manifestation of the new climate of impunity that has developed in recent years. For many decades the monarchy was preserved by an unwritten rule of quiet, a "omertà" that bound workers to a lifetime of discretion. And this code of silence was there to safeguard the Royalty. This code is now in a most disordered state; and the precedent that was set was not set by a dissatisfied footman, but by the King's own son and himself.

The story of Angela Kelly is a striking instance of commitment, and how it is perceived to be betrayed. For your consideration. She was a “best friend” of the Queen, a gatekeeper with a lot of power in the royal household, but in a very low-key way, despite her lowly roots. She was a docker's daughter, born in Liverpool. She was so trusted by the Queen that she was given the unique chance to publish a series of books on her time serving the royal family. These were publications on her time working for the royal family. Kelly sacrificed her personal life so that she may become a permanent member of "HMS Bubble", the isolated residence at Windsor. This household was tasked with keeping the Queen safe and providing her with companionship during the COVID-19 epidemic. Kelly's sacrifice was to become a permanent member of "HMS Bubble". It was alleged she had disagreements with members of the royal family, including Harry and Meghan during the infamous "Tiaragate" incident, who she believed were not taking procedures seriously or were making unreasonable demands. She was known to be aggressive in protection of the monarch and it was alleged that she had these disagreements. The Queen stands firmly behind Kelly which is symptomatic of the tight bond within the Royal family.

But after the Queen’s death, the institution she served so loyally turned on her with a vindictiveness that surprised many. The locks of her grace and favour palace at Windsor were changed in a short time. She was asked to leave the property she had been promised for the rest of her life and was relocated to a smaller house in the north of England. This after she was threatened with losing the property. She couldn’t get into the official phone she was using. She wasn’t invited to contribute to a major exhibition of the Queen’s wardrobe, and she wasn’t invited to the event itself. Her work in organising the collection of clothes had been going on for decades. Courtiers and family members who had harboured hostility toward her proximity to the Queen for a long time often considered her ruthless efficiency as a technique to settle scores. That means they thought she was seeking to settle scores.

Kelly's been tortured this way for a number of years now, but she's managed to keep her cool. In contrast, the latest rumours say that she is more confident now that she can work with creatives in the film industry. The argument is pretty simple, according to Palace insiders: If Prince Harry can write a book accusing his family of bigotry and brutality, detailing private discussions and commercialising his royal status without getting any serious repercussions from the King, then why should she keep quiet? Is there any likelihood of the King being able to prevent her from doing the action? Will you escort her to the courthouse? Thus, the concept is utterly ludicrous. Charles is so indulgent of his son that a moral hazard has been generated throughout the whole of the royal environment. Charles' tolerance has created this hazard. Inadvertently, he’s said the old rules don’t work anymore, that the old loyalties don’t get returned. The palace fears the nightmarish scenario: that Angela Kelly, the woman who knew everything, who dressed the Queen, who walked in her shoes, who shared her intimate thoughts, may tell her story. Angela Kelly is the woman who knows it all. She has come back to haunt a king who has lost control of his own house in the eyes of many. She is returning once more to plague him. She has returned to haunt him, and that is why she is the ghost of a time when people were more regulated.

There is a significant risk that the young people will be used as chess pieces.

Consequently, we have reached the point where we have returned to the footage that was captured during the daytime hours and was the cause of this most recent disaster. Despite the fact that the tape discloses a horrific act of hypocrisy that undermines the very platform that the Sussexes give, it is also a calculated bet for security. It has already been asserted that the Sussexes are hypocritical, and these allegations have been made. In the realm of digital media, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have spent years establishing themselves as global advocates for mental health and holistic wellness. They have done this by carving out a specific niche for themselves. In order to address the entire world about the detrimental impacts that algorithms in social media organisations have, they travelled to the World Health Organization (WHO) to deliver their speech. They have voiced their opposition to the way in which technology corporations "farm children in order to turn them into products." Meghan has been very forthright about the significance of shielding children from the potentially harmful impacts that can develop as a result of growing up in a world that is becoming increasingly driven by technology. The fact that their own children were made the primary subjects of a public relations campaign that was confined within a single video did not change the fact that this was the case.

It was not a coincidence that the photos of Archie and Lilibet were included; rather, they constituted the emotional core of the message that was being conveyed. That was a fantastic illustration of that kind of deception, which is known as a "gloat-boast," which is an illusion that has been meticulously built with the specific intention of giving an image of better parenting and a perfect set of circumstances. It was clear that our children do not spend their time indoors watching television like yours do. This was the implication that was being intended. In the bush, they are leading a life that is, by their own standards, flawless and full of good health. It is the kind of commercialisation that they claim they do not support, which is the use of their children to promote their own brand and gain points in the public conversation. According to them, they are against the marketing of this kind of activity. It is necessary to address the semantic illusion that parents are giving their children the impression that they are safeguarding their privacy by not displaying their faces. They are not only not respecting the privacy of their children's narratives, but they are also actively exploiting their children's narratives and turning their childhood into information that is available for any member of the public to consume. This is a really concerning practise to engage in.

A rationale that can be called problematic is demonstrated by the fact that they are willing to put their children in the front line of their high-stakes game with the monarchy. This is due to the fact that they are willing to put their children in danger. Whether the self-doxxing was a determined attempt to push the security problem or a breathtakingly arrogant unwillingness to heed advice, they have purposefully caused the risk that their family is exposed to to become even more severe. Whatever the circumstances are, the result will be the same. Not only did they paint a target on their own backs with the pictures of their children, but they also did it with their own photograph. They did this without having their children give their input. A real sense of desperation and the notion that the ends—having a royal level post and security detail on their own terms—justify whatever means are necessary to accomplish them are the driving forces behind this risky attempt. A throw of the dice that demonstrates genuine desperation is presented here.

At this very moment, the King is in a situation that is completely out of order for him to be in at this very moment. In the event that he falls in and gives them the additional security that they desire, he would validate their reckless plans and effectively undermine the Sandringham deal to its very last shards. This will serve as evidence that the Hawks were correct in their assessment of his weakness. It is possible that he could be viewed as a cruel parent who neglected a significant threat to his own grandkids if he continues to stand his ground. Given the circumstances, he is willing to put himself in harm's way. It is important to note that in the event that any incident, regardless of how minor it may be, were to take place, this would be a public relations disaster that would directly benefit the Sussexes. That would be something that would simply come to them without any effort on their part. To ensure that they are able to escape, Harry and Meghan have devised the ideal trap for themselves, and they have used their children as the bait. As it turned out, the snapshot taken by the lake was not the picture-perfect portrait of the family; rather, it was the opening move in the definitive game that would determine the fate of the House of Windsor.

Thank you for watching the video! Please let us know your thoughts, and goodbye for now!