Welcome back to our channel, where we provide updates and undisclosed narratives on Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. We are excited to share the following news with you:

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle eventually returned to the United Kingdom after their honeymoon, but it was not a celebration of their return. It was an abdication of power on their side. Now palace officials have confessed the Duchess of Sussex is in a condition of “mental disarray” – like being a prisoner in a country she publicly despises. This is at a time when the Duke of Sussex is trying hard to get back part of the royal heritage he had. But this is not just the latest chapter in a fractious family feud. This is the bloody denouement in a war for the spirit of the modern monarchy. Those closest to the institution believe it is the beginning of the end for the Sussex union itself. Because it's the latest in a long family feud.

The official line, as systematically generated by a tireless public relations machine, was that the resettlement was carried out peacefully and was focused on the well-being of families. It is the story of Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, stepping away from the limelight to focus on getting her children, Archie and Lilibet, settled into their new life in the United Kingdom. We are informed she plans to keep a low profile, rekindle contacts with charities in the United Kingdom and essentially become a devoted mother driving her children to school and packing their lunches in the beautiful hills of the Cotswolds. She’s going to keep her head down too. But beyond that well built facade lies a reality that is much bleaker than the one that is being presented. Information from those with intimate knowledge of the couple's mental state paints a picture that is substantially different to what was considered to be the situation before. The Duchess is apparently in a “dark place” and feeling like the ultimate “loser” after an arrangement that has seen her stripped of her power base in California and put back onto hostile territory. The checkmate has, effectively, been applied to her. Coming back to Britain was not a calculated move but a terrible end to a move that was the outcome of a move that was not made out of desire but out of desperation.

That’s what the crown of thorns is.

To really appreciate the gravity of Meghan’s current predicament it’s important first to realise the underlying power shift that this transatlantic transfer implies. This is the only way to get the whole picture of what is going on. Even before leaving the United States, Meghan was the absolute monarch of her own kingdom. When she arrived in Montecito, California, Her industry town, her home town, her home state, her nation, all wrapped into one spot. She was in charge of the story, of the relationships between the characters, of the whole setting in which they were performing. Apparently Prince Harry was spotted roaming around a glittering mansion in a solitary way. He was dispossessed of his military titles, his family, his kingdom, and now he was a satellite to her planet. He’d been robbed of all of these things. She negotiated the terms of the arrangements with Netflix and Spotify, the Hollywood contacts, and the whole Sussex brand that was brought into the United States. She had had to do the negotiating.

The entire electrical grid has been turned on its head from this moment forward. Harry is the person who is most comfortable in terms of affairs connected to the United Kingdom. He is the King's son, and the brother of the King who will one day found his realm. He could conceivably reconnect with old pals, learn the beat of his ancestry and, most importantly, start the cynical process of re-calibrating his royal credentials. He can accomplish these all. It recharges Harry’s sense of his own significance in the world. At this point Meghan is feeling like she is going back into exile. She suddenly finds herself in a scenario in which public opinion has long ago turned against her, in a country that she has openly criticised, in which she has no friends or important social connections, and, most damning of all, in which she has no employment. Her chances of success in the United States seem to be ruined and she is in a quandary.

Not only do Royal historians concede that the British monarchy has a lengthy and tangled history with foreign consorts, but that the obstacles Meghan is currently confronting are unlike any other. Meghan was built, in her entire public character, to face and reimagine that same institution, unlike Queen Alexandra and even Prince Philip, who knew their mission was to shore up the institution and the sovereign. This was a far cry from the position of Queen Alexandra and Prince Philip. She was known for having a brand that was different from the others. In the current state of financial and public relations instability of the Sussex project, she does not currently have a platform from which she may potentially disrupt the project. She is a revolutionary, despite not coming from a revolutionary background. The psychological cost of this impotence is seen to be very significant in the event of a personality defined by persons who know the condition as seeking the “supply of headlines, of noise, and of clicks.” To those viewing the palace, the PR line of concentrating on her children is not a real change of heart. It is more an exercise in damage limitation – a desperate effort to control a tale that has sadly slipped out of her hands. She is no longer the director of her own story. She is a character in a play whose climax is being scripted by others. She is not the director of her own narrative anymore.

For example, the memory of a prince

As Meghan struggles with her new irrelevance, Prince Harry is on a mission that many in the royal household regard as an egregious betrayal of his late grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. The terms of the so-called 'Sandringham Summit' in 2020 were absolutely clear: the Sussexes could not be 'half-in, half-out'. They had to step back from being working royals, give up their HRH titles in any official capacity, and carve out new lives that were financially independent from the Crown. It was amputated, not just because it was agonising, but because it was important to keep the establishment credible. Harry, however, looks intent on his objective of returning to the leg by medical methods.

Not only are the actions he is taking daring, but also rather modest. It is reported the Sussexes have “softened” their previously critical attitude toward the “Royal Rota” – the traditional way for reporters to acquire access to royal engagements. That is a shift from their previous hard line. But this is not a softening, but an inclusion plea that asks to be made. A source close to the Prince has said that the Prince is in a “different headspace” and royal specialists have taken this as a strong signal that he wants to return to his royal position. What he wants is to be in the press releases, to be in the official diary, to be within the canopy of the organization that he and his wife have been fighting for a lot of years. Not long ago, the ITV from Ukraine had an interview and this wish was fairly clear during the interview. Throughout the interview, he spoke and positioned himself as a de facto working royal, a shadow prince working in a diplomatic vacuum that he had deliberately created for himself.

Constitutional scholars say there is a major risk to the monarchy’s ability to remain stable if this goal is pursued. The Crown's authority comes from the clarity of its aim and the structure it has built. By allowing a non-working royal, particularly one with a track record of complaints against the public, to cherry pick duties or use his birthright to personal branding, you undermine the authority of the working family members. This is especially vital to remember if the royal has a history of protesting the government. The argument was that this would create a rival court, a source of constitutional ambiguity that the monarchy simply could not afford. This was expressed in the spirit of a great historian. After the abdication we saw the threats that were attached to the Duke of Windsor. Harry’s quest is a constitutional minefield, not just a personal adventure. On his journey a renegade prince, working outside the system, becomes a lightning rod for opposition and an endless source of turmoil. He’s trying to walk a road that the late Queen expressly forbade by his acts. In doing so, he is creating a quarrel which his brother, the future King, will eventually have to settle.

The objective of this war is propaganda.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have turned to their most reliable weapon, the media, to battle the angry public and their company’s shrinking reputation. But their approach looks to be more of a haphazard spin than a concerted effort to get across what they want to communicate. The employment of reputable journalists and well-established newspapers as an outlet for what veteran royal correspondents describe as little more than client journalism is more frequent. These news releases are word for word, to give the sense of exclusive reports. It was like the press from all over the world clamoured for coverage. The Sunday Times, the bastion of British journalism, recently ran an article highlighting Meghan's alleged ambitions to re-engage with UK charities and develop a 'new framework' for media access. This piece is written under the framework of the Sunday Times being a bulwark of British journalism. The article referenced several sources from the family of Sussex.

People who disagree with this story find it unreasonable in a fundamental way. The whole concept that the Sussexes, whose own Archewell Foundation was shut down in the midst of operational upheaval, is in a position to help British charities is treated with the same amount of derision and ridicule as the proposal itself. One acerbic commentator wrote that to ask Meghan Markle to help a charity was “like asking a fox to run the henhouse”. Her involvement in previous charity efforts, from Sentebale to Invictus, have been dogged by accusations that she made it all about her, and treated solemn occasions as opportunities for personal photo ops rather than focusing on the charity work she was doing. She had a short and troubled stint as a working royal, being accused of a poisonous management style and suffering a high staff turnover rate. Her term also saw a high incidence of turnover among workers. A basic study, however, shows that the idea that she has the Midas touch in philanthropy is an easily debunked fiction.

Equally detached from the reality of how things are in fact about the situation is the notion that they must keep a lid on too much media interest. In truth, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex can no longer generate the sort of attention they would like to see. The disastrous pseudo-royal tour they made to Australia is evidence that the attention they do get is mostly negative. This is obvious from the fact that they went on tour. They are the first public persons in contemporary civilization's history to contradict the cliche that "all publicity is good publicity." They say all publicity is now bad publicity. This is a big achievement in the history of modern societies. Taking sick children to the hospital is a horrifyingly opportunistic thing to do. And this is true for every single visit. Most individuals feel that each and every effort they make to conceal themselves under the banner of public duty or military service is a cynical exhibition. It seems they are caught in a vicious spiral of public relations, where every move they take to improve their image simply exacerbates the public’s impression of them. That is the position they find themselves in. Their misinformation campaign is backfiring in a spectacular way. It’s not just backfiring, it’s backfiring massively.

A HOUSE THAT IS COMPLETELY PERSONAL

Meanwhile, the Prince and Princess of Wales have been adopting a determined and dignified silence while the Sussexes have been engaging in all that crazy noise-making. That plan is a far cry from the Sussexes' racket. "Keep calm and carry on," is the advice William and Catherine are following and they have a long-term perspective of the problem. The monarchy cannot win the struggle for the public’s favour by fighting skirmishes; it may win it by transcending strife. This is a basic concept, but Harry and Meghan don’t seem to understand it. They will not have a verbal fight between them. It’s not going to be a news release that’s competing with the one that they put out. They will just carry on with the work that they are doing, instead of stopping.

The method in question is one that is very much embedded in the institutional memory of the monarchy and reminds one of the technique employed by the late Queen Elizabeth II – a strategic statement of duty over theatrics. While William focuses on his revolutionary Earthshot Prize, his initiatives to cure homelessness and his efforts to reform the monarchy, Harry and Meghan are seeking their own ephemeral headlines. Catherine meantime has become a respected and influential figure in the area of young children learning and development. William cannot get into bed at nite because it is covered in Catherine's charity project materials and briefing notes, according to an account routinely supplied by William's pals who are friends with the duo. Hence William can't get into bed. It is a modest, homely image but nevertheless says a lot about their dedication and work ethic.

With this prepared contrast, the Waleses have one of the most powerful weapons in their armoury. They don’t have to immediately go on the offensive against the Sussexes, they just have to be themselves. There is a chance that Harry and Meghan may come out on top in the battle for column inches, which would trigger a whirlwind of outrageous publicity. It can be done. This leaves William and Catherine in a position to win the war . They will not win by savvy public relations, but by a persistent and unmistakable display of public responsibility and dedication. This win meant that duty beat out stardom, and authenticity beat out flashiness. If William and Catherine are ultimately to inherit the throne it will be the last, devastating repudiation of everything the Sussexes have come to stand for. That will be the case if they succeed in their mission. In contrast, the sight of Queen Catherine on the balcony of Buckingham Palace will be, to put it bluntly, the moment when her head will “explode.” It will be the incontrovertible and unambiguous indication that she has been defeated. Meghan in particular will be the one who will live this moment.

THE FAMILY’S FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES

The whole drama is propelled by the stark and unavoidable reality of the Sussexes’ financial condition, which is the driving force of the drama. And the move of their business to the United Kingdom is not just a strategic retreat, it is the result of a complete and utter market failure. The “Sussex brand” is now seen as toxic, albeit it once was worth tens of millions of dollars. The profitable deals that should have provided them with the means to live life on their own terms have dried up or failed to materialise. Looks like it is. Their Netflix agreement is losing steam due to a heavily criticised documentary and a few not-very-spectacular ventures. Their Spotify deal fell apart in a very public spectacle that involved a lot of bad blood between the parties.

Meghan’s much-hyped American Riviera Orchard lifestyle brand is a complete failure. The site reportedly receives just 8,000 clicks a month, a level so low it would be deemed a failure for a small-time influencer, let alone a global celebrity. The information has been made public. A great lot of ridicule has been poured on the products which range everything from jam to dog treats. Netflix chief executive Ted Sarandos decided to cancel a retail arrangement that was scheduled to sell her things. It was a devastating vote of no confidence from the very outfit that had formerly laid enormous number of bets on her commercial appeal. If the brand was making money, a businessman as ruthless as Sarandos would be all-in on the effort. Since his departure, many analysts have confirmed what they have long suspected: There is no business plan that is even remotely feasible. It is an illusion that has been constructed, and it is a Ponzi scheme of personal branding that is built on sand.

The major reason for their choice to return to the United Kingdom is the economic collapse of the financial system. Harry wasn't making money in the United States since he had no career that was deemed to be of any value. But as the family’s breadwinner, Meghan’s commercial power has not stopped diminishing. It is believed the announcement that she will be spending long periods of time in the United States to monitor her “projects” is pure theatrical. There is not a single major project at this stage in time that has to be overseen. The prospects for the Sussex project were not bright. The money that they have is their only source of income at the time . The couple has substantial security costs and a lifestyle that is deemed lavish . “People working in the palace have a very negative view of the situation as Prince Harry is paying more and more attention to his father King Charles. He's trying to protect his financial future, and at the same time he's trying to mend a personal connection that they had broken up before. His sole remaining hope is a large legacy in ten years time when he is in need of financial support. He'll need some help.

One cannot avoid playing the game.

The marriage of the Sussexes is currently experiencing an intolerable amount of strain as a result of the enormous constraints that are being forced upon it. These forces include public rejection, financial failure, and a variety of personal goals. Members of the royal family are not merely discussing the possibility of a divorce; rather, they are referring to it as a "certainty " in their conversations. It is now much more difficult for them to maintain the power balance that existed in their relationship in California. However, Harry has re-established a connection with his roots and is experiencing a sense of empowerment, whilst Meghan is experiencing feelings of isolation and misery in the United Kingdom. The disparities that are being produced as a direct result of this basic imbalance are, in the opinion of a very large number of individuals, insurmountable.

Furthermore, Meghan's predicted extended excursions to the United States, which she would ostensibly do for professional reasons but in reality to escape her tough position in the United Kingdom, would further hasten the degeneration of the marriage. It is difficult for a marriage to endure the passage of time across two continents, and this is even more difficult when the marriage is being subjected to such intense scrutiny from the public. On the other hand, the move back to the United Kingdom, which was intended to be the solution to their problems, has instead been the impetus for the collapse of their entire organization.

The endgame presents both a challenge and an opportunity for the monarchy, and more specifically, it presents an opportunity for the individual who will one day crown himself King William. It is stated that it will be challenging for Harry and Meghan to have a true reunion on the condition that they continue to be married to each other. On account of the fact that she is typically regarded as the primary architect of the crimes that were committed against the family, her presence makes it extremely difficult to achieve any kind of genuine truce. It is the responsibility of William's close associates, as they have defined it, to act as the "buffer" and "protector" of the organization. In contrast to his father, who gives the impression of being kind yet is vulnerable to other people, William is not going to be rolled over. When William gets flipped over, he is going to fight against it. He is going to be responsible for holding the queue. To ensure that Prince Harry is not permitted to return to royal life, that he does not make an appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, and that he is not permitted to further water down the meaning of royal duty in any way, shape, or form, it is his responsibility to see that these things do not occur.

In addition, when the anticipated divorce takes place, a fresh, albeit painful, path ahead can become available. In the event that Prince Harry were to take on the responsibility on his own, without the influence of Meghan, he could be able to initiate the protracted process of making amends for the wrongs that have been committed against him. One of the witnesses made the observation that he could "blame it all on her," accept responsibility for his behaviour, and sign a legally enforceable agreement to put an end to his public war against his family. Even if it is impossible to forgive, it is possible to repair a relationship that is functioning properly and is being handled effectively.

However, the likelihood of it happening is still extremely, extremely low. However, the Prince of Wales is currently dealing with a competing court within his own country. This is a challenge that he must overcome. Both the risk of instability and the fact that it is a persistent source of aggravation are increased by it. The manner in which he responds to the challenges that are presented to him will constitute the foundation upon which his government will be built. The separation of the two families is largely believed to be one of his first acts as King, and it is commonly believed that he will do so in a straightforward and severe manner. Generally speaking, this is something that people look forward to.  Following the implementation of this plan, his brother would be stripped of his title of Duke of Sussex, and Archie and Lilibet would be stripped of their titles of Prince and Princess jointly. In spite of the fact that it would be a terrible act, a historic act, and an act that would be very personal, it is regarded to be an extremely necessary act in an effort to protect the Crown. This would be a proclamation made by the House of Windsor, stating that the lengthy and dreadful conflict with the Sussexes had at long last reached its conclusion. That announcement will be uncomplicated and uncomplicated to understand. It would be the ultimate and horrible disintegration of ties, the final and sorrowful chapter in a tragedy that has enthralled and infuriated the entire world, and a clear and unmistakable proclamation that the war is finally finished. All of these things would constitute a declaration that the war is finally done.

Thank you for watching the video! Please let us know your thoughts, and goodbye for now!