Welcome back to our channel, where we provide updates and undisclosed narratives on Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. We are excited to share the following news with you:

When I came back it was not as if I had come home. It happened, it was a pullback. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, didn’t cross the Atlantic to patch things up, they came to confront a reality they could no longer deny. This was not the prodigal son’s return to the fold but the ultimate, shuddering collapse of the Californian ideal. This collapse was brought about by the twin spectres of a marriage falling apart and the very real danger of being deported from the United States, which would be incredibly humiliating. Both these spectres were responsible for this downfall. The question currently being asked in the corridors of Buckingham Palace and the halls of Westminster is not about the reason they have returned; it is about the new instability they have brought with them. These are the questions that matter most.

They’d proved that the mirage of Montecito had been blown away, while cleverly constructed with media partnerships worth billions and promises of compassionate global leadership. Beyond the great walls of their spreading park there passed a story of great unhappiness, and of despair deepening. Back then, this was a very different story. Reports from within the organization, however, portrayed a gloomy picture of a prince who had lost his way, a man who had tossed up a life with a specific purpose in exchange for the hollow glitter of renown and found himself hopelessly disoriented. Astonishing allegation that Prince Harry had given his wife a shocking ultimatum has been revealed by persons close to the couple. Prince Harry had become increasingly isolated and despondent and had presented the declaration to his wife. What they affirmed was that the marriage had reached a stage where it could no longer be sustained. Harry would only ever consider not divorcing if Meghan agreed to move back to the UK full-time. But in contrast, that was the only way to go. The man had given everything, his family, his country, his military titles, to live a life that could not fulfilll the promise of freedom they had made. This was a chance the man who had gambled everything away was willing to take by whatever means required.

However, the most intimate of the difficulties that were getting closer to the pair was the Sussexes' marriage crumbling apart. The threat facing the city of Washington, District of Columbia, was much more public and politically intense than prior threats. They were threatened with the unparalleled humiliation of being thrown out against their will, ending their stay in the United States. This menace threatened to finish their experiment in a whimper. A major conservative think group, the Heritage Foundation, had been doggedly pursuing Prince Harry’s immigration records via the courts. Their thesis was based on a devastatingly simple premise: the Duke of Sussex had lied on his visa application. That was the basis of their argument. He wrote the evidence himself, on the pages of his autobiography Spare. He wrote the proof, so there was no space for speculation about it. Harry readily admitted throughout the book to a history of major and illegal drug use. He described his experiences with a range of substances including marijuana, cocaine and hallucinogenic mushrooms, which he had eaten from a Tupperware container in the fridge of actress Courteney Cox. He further said he had consumed these things from the container.

Under the laws of immigration in the United States, this form of admittance is considered a very problematic circumstance. In contrast, a history of drug use can be grounds for inadmissibility and, ultimately, deportation if not properly disclosed on a visa application. Especially if the conditions are such that the past is not disclosed. Months had passed since the quarrel had escalated into a judicial drama that was steadily building up. There were indications from within the US immigration system that this was beginning to be the case. According to these sources, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) was taking the issue more and more seriously. In recent years, the prospect of Prince Harry (fifth in line to the throne of the United Kingdom) being formally deported from the United States of America has shifted from fringe conspiracy theory to a more general phenomena. It was a potential that was real and terrible that it would happen.

There’s a ghost reported to be in the White House.

But this whole case was not just overshadowed by the law of the United States — it was overshadowed by the shadow of one man. That man is Donald J. Trump. First of all, there is a strong reason why the idea of a second Trump presidency is, in fact, a shadow over the future of the Sussexes in the United States. In Trump’s interactions with the British Royal Family, there was a web of complicated and near-worshipful admiration for the institution and its matriarch, Queen Elizabeth II. It was a complicated tapestry. The flip side was that there was a deep public loathing for her grandson and his American marriage. But then again there are notable Republican allies of the former President like the television personality Tudor Dixon who have made it quite apparent that loyalty is of the utmost importance in Trump's world. In his eyes, what Harry had done was the most vile act of betrayal ever committed against both his family and his country.

The first thing that has to be understood to be able to have a thorough grasp of the threat that Trump posed to Harry is the link Harry believed he had made with the late Queen. He considered the two state tours he made to the United Kingdom to be among the most important highlights of his whole presidency. He travelled to the United Kingdom multiple times. The sheer institutional weight, the history, the grandeur of the monarchy overwhelmed him utterly. He was a fellow global leader of great importance and he saw in Queen Elizabeth II a lady who, to him, represented both strength and tradition. He saw in her a manifestation of these values. He was made to realise that she was a female dictator. One of the most astonishing things ever to happen in the history of the United States is that her heir, King Charles III, gave Donald Trump a second state visit. This is a situation that has never happened before. In contrast, the Sussexes were never ever ever allowed to partake in this warmth at any moment. “They are his most sworn enemies in the royal environment,” Trump said. The regal mood was the source of this. Trump enjoyed the opportunity to “slap them down,” and he did so by attacking their decision to quit from royal duties as well as their public grievances again and again. The vast majority of foreign leaders, by contrast, would do everything in their power to not touch on the private troubles of the Windsor family and their acts are the exact opposite of what has been done here.

In President Trump’s inner circle, there was talk that he would have been ready to use the whole power of the presidency to make an example of Prince Harry. It was a hypothesis shared by the inner circle of the Trump inner circle. Dixon expressed a sentiment common in MAGA circles. “Trump could very easily have said that Harry ‘needs a lesson,’” he said. The reasoning behind it was that Trump, a man who prizes family loyalty above all else, took personal offence at what he saw as Harry’s disrespect toward his father, and, most egregiously, his grandmother. This was one of those evaluations, for which Trump has a reputation for being forthright and paternalistic. “I don’t like what this kid is doing to his dad,” he said. It was up to him when it came to using the power. Or he could have simply said, “You are going home. You need a spanking. You have to go see Dad, and you have to face the people of your country.”

It was exactly the kind of action that defied rules and drew media attention that characterised Donald Trump’s presidency. That deporting the son of a sympathetic head of state would be an explosive diplomatic manoeuvre was exactly the kind of action that characterised the Trump presidency. Dixon says he’s the kind of guy that “just loves kind of, you know, messing with people like that.” This observation was made with the ground already broken. Milo Yiannopoulos, the divisive right-wing broadcaster, was deported overnight, sending a clear message that being a visitor in the country offered no protection if you were out of favour with the administration. Yiannopoulos overnight was deported. There was a period when Yiannopoulos was a fan of the movement but he later turned against it. The risk for Harry and Meghan was quite significant, considering that they had not only resigned from their roles in the royal family, but also been seen to be aligning themselves with Trump’s political opponents. If Trump chooses to do anything it will not be a legalistic execution of immigration rules but a personal, political, and dramatic act of revenge. That’s only one of the numerous things Trump might do. It would be a 'male defence' of the Queen, whom he so highly esteemed, to say things which he knew she could never say, as one observer put it.

A Kingdom in Defiance of the Law

If Harry and Meghan had imagined their return to British soil would be met with a surge of popular sympathy or a quiet yearning to let bygones be bygones, they were utterly crushed to find they were mistaken. They did not provide any of these results. They returned not to a country waiting to embrace them, but to a kingdom that had, in their absence, delivered a verdict that was both unequivocal and chillingly brutal against them. They returned home to a country that didn’t want them. Because the Sussexes had challenged the monarchy on their own, the emotional landscape of Britain had been changed forever. The interview with Oprah Winfrey, the six-part Netflix documentary and the pages of Spare that settled the score had not been forgotten. Inasmuch as these things occurred, the mind of the nation was a gushing wound.

The scientific data that made their pariah status severe and unyielding. Not very long ago, a survey conducted by YouGov showed the general population’s thoughts. Before the rumour of their return could really get traction, the findings of the survey came out. Just 16 percent of individuals in the United Kingdom say they hope the couple will be able to return to their duties as working royals one day. That’s a rather small percentage. A substantial majority, fifty-one percent of respondents, said they would prefer the couple not to. This is the other end of the spectrum from the statement which preceded it. It was not a split nation, but a united nation against the concept. The Sussexes were victims of a harsh system and a hostile press; the public would flock to their side if only they knew the “truth.” But the data were a cold, hard repudiation of the entire narrative the Sussexes had spun. "The people would rally to their side if only they knew the truth," The people had been told the truth of their condition and had shown a strong opposition to it.

This was the institution they had fled from . This was the institution that represented and formalised this public attitude . In a silent and brutal act of finality, King Charles III issued a public letter that represented a constitutional line in the sand. This letter was issued in an irrevocable manner. There was no doubt whatever, the letter made it perfectly plain, that their position as working non-royals was fixed and would not alter. A good illustration of the power that institutions wield was the fact that the door was shut in a manner both courteous and strong. There would be no compromise that both sides could live with to any significant degree. There would be no picking and choosing of royal duties and perks by some random method, for that could not happen. The speech delivered by the King was the official announcement that their exile had been formalised, although they now resided within the limits of the country.

In the eyes of many of their detractors, the Sussexes’ response to this royal announcement was a prime illustration of the very attitude that had alienated the populace through their acts in the first place. A petulant reaction was offered by them, as is common, in which they stated they were "surprised" by the letter the King had sent. Instead of humility or understanding, this was offered as an alternative. This was a "complete and utter lack of self-knowledge," said commentators like Sarah Vine, a heavyweight Daily Mail columnist, who argued that a couple with even "half a grain of common sense" would have used the King's letter as an opportunity to extend an olive branch, to reassure His Majesty of their intention to respect the terms of their arrangement when they received the letter from the King. But their response of being “miffed” only fed into the public’s worst fears: that they had learned nothing, that they still saw themselves as the party wronged, that they were still oblivious to the huge damage they had inflicted not only on the monarchy but on their own family. Moreover they still considered themselves to be the aggrieved party.

THE BATTLE FOR THE HEART AND SOUL OF THE UNITED KINGDOM

The Sussexes’ homecoming provoked an intense debate in the British press, especially on the political right, on how the country should now treat its most renowned couple, who recently returned. The discussion centred primarily on how the nation should respect the Sussexes. This was a proxy struggle for the entire nature of contemporary Britain, a clash between the traditionalist instinct for accountability and a more modern, and arguably more tired, desire to get on with your life. The struggle was a struggle about the very character of contemporary Britain.

On the other side of the debate were the many traditional monarchists, who viewed the Sussexes’ actions as an irrevocable betrayal of the monarchy. Sarah Vine's essay, titled "Finally, someone's put them in their place," did an excellent job of capturing the heart of the matter. This was the notion that they were malicious players who had resorted to the most poisoned charges that could ever be conceived – namely the charge of racism – with the explicit objective of doing harm to the Royal Family and the nation as a whole. They were not misunderstood victims but villains who had made poisoned allegations. The Oprah interview was not seen as a desperate cry for help but as a calculated act of war to destabilise the monarchy in front of a global audience. The fears they had about the complexion of their son Archie had been directed at certain people, or rather the future King Charles and future Queen Catherine, to whom their claims applied. Later, when Harry tried to backtrack on this by changing the accusation from 'racist' to the vaguer 'unconscious bias', this was seen not as a clarification but as a cynical and cowardly retreat. This was because the assertion was rebranded as “unconscious bias”. In this view, the Sussexes were not just comic villains but “actual villains” who had tried to ruin a thousand-year-old institution based on a lie. This notion is based on the fact that the Sussexes had tried to destroy the institution.

But then, an unexpected counterargument emerged from a voice equally established as conservative. This was a conservative voice. “Let’s give Harry and Meghan a break,” wrote Annabel Denham, a leading columnist at the Daily Telegraph, the long-standing newspaper of record for the British establishment and royal family. Denham argued that while the couple may be “ridiculous” they were not “wicked.” She asked whether the constant “pile-on” had become “vicious, tedious, and unnecessary.” Her argument was that the public has cast the Sussexes as “panto villains” because society needs these figures. “Nothing unites like a shared enemy,” she wrote, “particularly ones privileged enough that cruelty toward them can be mistaken for virtue.” She ended with an appeal to leave the Windsors alone, arguing that the monarchy is an ancient and hardy institution that has survived far worse crises than this one, and does not depend on the wisdom of the individuals who momentarily embody it. Another argument was that the Windsors should be left alone. She presented an argument that the Windsors should be left alone.

But that explanation didn’t wash with people who had witnessed the Sussexes’ campaign evolve before their very attentive eyes. Those engaged were immediately and belligerently opposed. A very important part of the counterargument that was advanced was that Denham had a complete misunderstanding of the nature of the situation. To label Harry and Meghan as “wasteful princes” or “warring relatives” in the typical sense of the words would be to utter something untrue. Royals who weaponised the tools of 21st century celebrity culture and identity politics against the very institution that gave them a platform. They were a phenomenon specific to the contemporary time. They had not only behaved in an unacceptable manner but had also sought to undermine the legitimacy of the Crown globally. Considering this standpoint, there is no question that the accusation of evil was completely justified. What could be worse than publishing a book that violates every family’s confidence for the sake of profit, or watching your wife do a mocking curtsy on television that insults not just you but also your grandmother’s memories, Tudor Dixon asked. Both of these things are really very bad. Harry was considered as a "accessory to evil", a man who had helped and encouraged the horrors inflicted on his own family. The perception of Harry was not only that he was a victim of the machinations his wife had created, but victim of the schemes they had devised.

There was a bridge, which could not be restored in any manner.

At the core of this national drama is a very personal tragedy, and that pain is the broken link between two brothers, Prince William and Prince Harry. This tragedy represents a turning point in the national story. It wasn’t long before Harry was back on British soil and the pressure on the Prince of Wales to “be the bigger person” and forgive his brother started to build. The pressure began practically as soon as Harry was back. The main sources for this pressure were progressive voices and international media outlets. William is the unyielding and unforgiving heir and Harry the imperfect but penitent outsider trying to win his way back in despite his failings in the story. But this simplified view does not account for the depth of the betrayal, nor the particular burden that William carries.

William is not simply a distant brother, but the heir apparent to the throne. William is not only a far away brother. His role is to answer not only for his personal emotions, but for the consistency and honesty of the Crown. He is the one who does both of these. Such distinction has been brought to the notice of specialists in the area of constitutional law as well as religious leaders. Rabbi Dr Jonathan Romain, writing on his own traumatic experience of being estranged from a sibling, said he does not feel William should reconcile with Harry. His reasoning was founded on his own personal experience. In the course of the intervention Rabbi Dr Jonathan Romain made a remarkable and extremely surprising statement. “Some wounds cannot be healed,” he said, “and some misdeeds cannot be undone.” He conceded that ordinarily his theological education would point him in the direction of reconciliation, but the situation is often more complex than that. He said that William had "suffered the ignominy of his brother telling the world of their private quarrels for a quick buck". In this particular situation, to forgive is not only an act of personal grace; it is an act of compassion. If we were to allow Harry back into the inner circle, we would be opening up the institution to the very person that has shown the most willingness and ability to cause damage to other people. This would render the monarchy, and therefore the nation, ever more exposed to peril.

There is no way to overemphasise the value of this freshly found idea of forgiveness. A lot of commentators have noted that reconciliation does not have to occur at the same time as the act of forgiving another person. This definition does not cover the act of allowing an abuser to maintain a pattern of behaviour. William forgiving Harry on a personal level is one thing, but this may be seen as a relief from the burden of fury that William has been carrying. But if that forgiveness were to transfer into access to established institutions it would be a another matter altogether. This would be an act arising from a disinclination to fulfilll the duties of a hypothetical future monarch. William has seen his brother humiliate the Crown on several occasions during the course of his life. And every single time he's come back the family has given him a warm welcome and this has been the case every single time. But the situation was different this time. The attacks were not the product of the foolish conduct of young people; they were a systematic and sustained attack on the very foundations on which the monarchy is constructed.

Today the future is threatened by forces never before observed in the history of the globe. The answer to a problem is not the return of the Sussexes, it is the relocation of the crisis rather than the return of the Sussexes. They have become a constant source of instability, a focus for media attention, a renegade state within the confines of the monarchy. Their physical presence is an alternative court and acts like a gravitational point for dissent and drama that will always pull attention away from the business of the legitimate monarchy. The effects are startling when looked at over a longer period of time. What about their children, Archie and Lilibet, growing up in a country their parents have publicly denounced? How can a monarchy that has been ‘slimmed down’ and is already under pressure cope with an internal wound that is allowed to fester? Prince William is faced with the difficulty of moving in an atmosphere where his only brother is not only a physical neighbour but also a threat to his own life. It is a big hurdle for him to clear. It is his obligation to guard his wife and children, the immediate successors to the realm, from any further public onslaught. He is at the same time charged with preserving the honour of an institution which his brother had sought to ruin. The prodigal son is back, but he is not feasted. On his return, he finds himself looking at the ruins of the bridges that he himself had blown up. And he is in the company of a kingdom that has learned the hard way that there are certain acts of forgiveness that are too costly to pay.

Thank you for watching the video! Please let us know your thoughts, and goodbye for now!