Welcome back to our channel, where we share updates and untold stories about Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. Today, we bring you some news:

A couple, married for twenty-four years, was presented with twenty-four photographs as a commemorative gift. On the opposite side of the carefully crafted quiet that cloaked Meghan Markle’s anniversary post, an entire family, a monarchy and the very mother who walked her down the aisle were deliberately erased. This was done to retain the required level of privacy. It wasn't a fond look back gazing back. It was a purposeful rewriting of history. What it reveals is a far more troubling tale than the one it would like to show.

The photographs flashed over the screens of four and a half million Instagram users in the early hours of a Tuesday morning, Pacific time. A digital scrapbook including a gallery of recollections from the 19th of May, 2018, presented in the style of a carousel. Suddenly Meghan, Duchess of Sussex was there, standing alone in a corridor. In the gorgeous Givenchy ceremonial gown, she stood alone, eyes dropped. And at that same moment she was once again in the middle of a whirlwind in the backless Stella McCartney reception dress. Her arms were up in a moment of lonely happiness. Here, she kissed her husband, Prince Harry. A further, more passionate kiss, her hands cradling his face as he looks, in the words of one witness, “as drunk as a skunk”. In all there are at least six solo photos of the bride, each frame a testament to her starring position in her own memories. Harry, who is normally depicted as a supporting character in the story his wife is narrating, is present in about a quarter of the photographs. The only other celebrity to make a cameo appearance is Sir Elton John, who looks like a ghost from a party and is caught in the corner of one picture. There’s also one more face, one celebrity cameo. There are a total of twenty-four pictures. One of the famous ones. Without any family at all. It was the final, the worst reckoning, of a day that had once been part of the world, but that had been taken away, erased, by its star. This day was for the world.

An album with almost no music in it.

A wedding book is a curated work, a story told by the selection of some pictures and the deletion of others. This day celebrates the relationships that are created between family members as well as the affection enjoyed by those members. The building is a tribute to love. The carousel that Meghan Markle showed to the world, on the other hand, was a very other creature. This wasn’t a wedding party but a statement of independence. A proclamation of independence. It was an exercise in narrative control so intense it flirted with the bizarre. As the post fell, both royal historians and marketing strategists observed a clinical interest that was almost anthropological. Nor either had any love for the post. What they saw wasn't a personal record that had been put out there for the broader public, but a brand asset that was deliberately created to achieve a very specific and very modern goal. This is what they were seeing.

The employed aesthetic was one that was both serious and performatively driven. The producers sought to generate a sense of authenticity through the use of the cork-board-type collage shown at the beginning of the film, the sorrowful black-and-white views and the focus on personal, “unseen” moments. The idea was that all these elements would show the idea of exposing a secret fairy tale to the audience. The result, on the contrary, was quite the reverse. The whole thing, veteran royal reporter Tom Sykes of The Daily Beast said, was a show that was suffering from reflexive vanity. Such was the case during this whole performance. A striking dissonance was created by the vast number of solo images, which had stances that seemed more suited to a fashion newspaper than to a wedding album. The dissonance was that the images were taken by the person himself. One commentator called it the work of a “insane narcissist” and they were right, bluntly and honestly.

Psychologists who specialize in studying personality traits, especially those related with social media, would probably see a pattern here. There is a difference between being a curator of a life and a rememberer of a life. Instead, the purpose here is not to repeat a memory but to enhance the identity of a brand. The public perception of Meghan’s brand is of a bold and independent lady who has conquered every hurdle she has faced. This desire can be satisfied only if the narrative has a distinct emphasis. No interruptions, no sharing of credit, and no acknowledgement of the array of supporting characters who made the day happen. All of these things are totally forbidden. The plot has to be all about her characters, period. The pictures of her dancing alone are especially revealing because they show her dancing alone. They suggest a sense of seclusion, as if she were the only person in the room who grasped the importance of the event, in the context of a wedding, a celebration shared by the entire community. The result of this is that a collective satisfaction is transformed into a triumph that is distinctly one's own.  The record shows clearly that this day was indeed "my" day. The fact that it was a state occasion, in fact a royal wedding, which was celebrated with the full support of the British people, seems to have been conveniently forgotten. This was simply a setting for a challenge on personal branding in the context of this revisionist history.

A MOTHER WHO LOST HER KIDS

There’s one ghost hanging above all the spirits haunting Meghan’s anniversary post. It is so deep and so intimate that it eclipses all the other omissions. It is the one that stands out more than all the others. Not a single evidence of her mother, Doria Ragland, anywhere in the area. In order to comprehend the enormity of this erasure, it is necessary to go back to the circumstances that occurred on May 19, 2018. For that one day, Doria wasn’t just a guest, she was her daughter’s only and constant support all throughout the tragedy. While the turmoil surrounding the Markle clan was imploding in a blaze of tabloid anger, Doria was the one who came in from Los Angeles. In pandemonium she was calm. It was Doria who was the one who accompanied Meghan in the car during the final moments before her life was changed forever, as they drove to St. George’s Chapel. Meghan was driving her daughter to St George's Chapel. She was kind and patient. Doria also walked Meghan partway down the aisle before giving her over to Prince Charles, who officiated the wedding at the time.

Photographers captured her on camera, sitting by herself in the front row of the church, crying with pure excitement and passion. She was the only one from the bride’s side. Her Oscar de la Renta outfit, in mint green, was the picture of motherly elegance. She was the very picture of maternal grace. She was seen happy, dancing and holding her daughter's hand on the chapel steps as she attended the reception. This followed her being spotted dancing and laughing. She is believed to have brought the most emotion to the party for the bride. Meanwhile, official photographer Alexi Lubomirski captured a series of ceremonial shots while Meghan and her mother attended the ceremony. These pictures were released to the world at large as an example of the deep bond that exists between the two of them and were complimented for displaying that bond. Meghan has said herself that Doria is her “best friend” on multiple times, suggesting that she is the moral compass of her life. This has been done in interviews and also on her previous blog.

This being said, Doria Ragland is not featured in any of the twenty-four images Meghan selected to symbolize that specific day. She is not in the main collage that was done. There were no candid shots of her "getting ready" that showed her. There is no evidence that she could be seen laughing or crying in the pew during the reception. She has been erased from the historical record, according to her own daughter.

This was not a case where the privacy of her mother was involved in the decision making. Community confidentiality is the ability to choose what others write about you, as the word suggests. It was Meghan’s post, her story, and it was posted to millions of her social media followers. Doria had been deliberately excluded from the group after a conscious decision. They have been forced to speculate on the terrible implications of the scenario and family psychologists and pundits on the royal family have been forced to do so. That a daughter would willingly expunge from public view the mother who had been there for her on one of the most important days of her life suggests a chasm so vast as to need a reworking of the past. That would be rewriting history.” They would have to change history. There have been whispers for some time and Daily Mail editor Alison Boshoff has said the mother and daughter’s bond has grown more distant by the day. Doria, known for her reputation of respecting her privacy, reportedly was worried about the risk of being “dragged into the spotlight and used” in the multiple media initiatives that her daughter was working on. Many have noticed her scarce presence in the documentary series, which can be found on Netflix, and seems to have been made with a certain reluctance given the circumstances.

One reason that springs to mind is that they were not on the anniversary CD which is a definitive and public confirmation of this rift. This is a statement that may be made. This statement suggests that the story of the dedicated daughter and loving mother that was so important to the early Sussex brand is no longer in play. The story was so integral to early Sussex brand. Meghan’s world of anger and victimhood has built her own reality that even her own mother, the one person who was obviously there for her, has become an unpleasant truth. Meghan has established a universe for herself at her mother’s expense.

The CROWN WAS LIABLE FOR THE

If removing her mother off the internet may be seen as an act of personal cruelty, removing the whole British Royal Family from the internet should be seen as an act of institutional resistance. The album is far from a state occasion, broadcast worldwide and officially inducting a new member into one of the world’s oldest monarchs. Instead, the wedding seems to have taken place in a vacuum, a private ceremony between two people. This is despite the fact that the wedding was shown all around the world. The woman who stepped in for her absent father, the future King of England, has died. It was widely agreed at the time that the gesture of Prince Charles leading Meghan down the second half of the aisle during the wedding ceremony was a great sign of welcome. The royal family’s historians saw it as a profoundly personal and progressive gesture, a sign the institution was ready to embrace its new American princess. They thought it was progressive and personal. Meghan has not captured a single image that depicts that moment of acceptance.

Nor is Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, who had given her formal consent to the marriage; who had approved the location and the carriage procession; and who, that very morning, had bestowed upon her grandson and new wife the titles of Duke and Duchess of Sussex, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Her presence, which brought to the day the highest level of authority and solemnity, has been gone, the record says. But the most important thing was that she was there. The lack of visibility between the best man, Prince William, and Catherine, the Princess of Wales, is similar to that which exists between the two. Their aunt's memories have been modified to omit their children Prince George and Princess Charlotte, page boy and bridesmaid respectively at the wedding ceremony.

It’s not just an insult, it’s a deliberate attempt to undermine the whole core of the event they are presenting. By definition, a royal wedding is a piece of public theater designed to maintain the stability of both the Crown and the line of succession. This is due to the fact that a wedding is an institution that has been around for generations. Meghan’s decision to exclude members of the royal family from the photographs taken at her own wedding is a subtle rejection of the institutional framework that conferred significance on the day. Ever since they left, she and Harry have been propagating the illusion that a pure love story is sullied and finally ruined by a family that is callous and unfeeling. This is the story they have been telling us. She will spin the event to fit her story. She’s suing them and the CD is now Exhibit A. The real significance of the day was all for her and Harry and she was aware of it. It may seem as if they were insignificant or a drain on the day. For that is the day was made for them.

To anyone with a good knowledge of the Constitution this is simply a misunderstanding. Since the wedding was not a private occasion, the British public was likely to be footing the bill for much of the security around the event. This was especially because the wedding was not a private celebration anymore. The celebration was to be a moment of national delight and the attendance of the monarch and her successors was vital to achieve that. This was to be done. To be deleted from the visual record eight years after the incident would be to render private a public spectacle in retrospect. If this were to happen it would mean that the spectacle would be robbed of its historical context and reduced to a mere prop in a personal drama. To try to appropriate the glory of a royal wedding, while denying the institution and the people who made it possible, is an act of astonishing audacity. It is an attempt to lay claim to the majesty of a royal marriage. It's an act of disobedience.

EVERY SINGLE GHOST IN ALL OF TIME

The guest list of the royal wedding in 2018 included representatives of the nobility and Hollywood royalty. The guest list was carefully designed to fit as many individuals as possible. It was done to create the impression of a modern monarchy, connected to the rest of the world. But with Meghan’s anniversary album, that grand galaxy of stars has been pared down to one dying light: Elton John. This is a big break with tradition. Those who are aware of the events have said that even this inclusion is misleading. The connection, they argue, is with Harry and it is a legacy that his mother, Princess Diana, has left for others to inherit.  In order to prevent a total celebrity blackout, the Duchess of Cambridge, essentially, used her husband's connection to get one shot.  This is not a friendship like the one that exists between “Harry and Meghan”

The other A-list celebs present did not speak up, despite being there, which is astonishing. It was stated that George and Amal Clooney told other guests that they didn’t even know the amorous couple during that time period. They have already made their pledge to the organization and since then have reaffirmed their whole dedication to the organization. They were recently seen at a charity event being conducted in honor of King Charles, which is a good sign of their loyalty to the monarch. Since then Oprah Winfrey has been surprisingly quiet, since it was she who landed the blockbuster interview that helped the Sussexes launch their campaign against the monarchy. It would seem that the transaction has been successfully completed. It has been stated that David and Victoria Beckham have completely cut ties with each other, despite earlier being considered pals, and are now seen enjoying themselves with the Prince and Princess of Wales. It has also been claimed Meghan’s friendship with Serena Williams – her possibly only true celebrity pal – has cooled.

This tremendous departure that has taken place is the tale of the Sussex brand that has not been told. They had “exhausted all goodwill”, as Tom Sykes put it. The A-listers who attended Windsor in 2018 were not necessarily signing up to a personal relationship; they were signing up to the power and glamour of the British monarchy, not a personal relationship. When Harry and Meghan decided to cut relations with that charity, they inadvertently cut themselves off from the world of celebrity related to that organization. Hollywood knows power, too, just like the royals. The Sussexes have intentionally exchanged the institutional power of a monarchy that has existed for a thousand years for the transitory currency of celebrity victimization.

This is published in its entirety in the post marking the occasion. The album that should have been packed with pictures of the couple dancing alone and snapping selfies with their mirrors by themselves is loaded with pictures of the couple dancing alone instead of pictures of the couple laughing with important friends. It presents a picture of two people slowly but surely becoming more and more isolated, the only thing they have to cling to being a time when everyone in the world wanted to be their friend. In this image the couple don’t seem like a stunning power couple that know all the right people. The ledger shows the image of a brand that has burned through all its allies, and is now being driven by a fuel tank of resentment that is getting closer and closer to empty.

Total of one Instagram account and two weddings

Of all the contradictions that the anniversary post has exposed, possibly the most upsetting contradiction to have been revealed is the one that is baked into the marriage of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Seven months ago, in October, Prince Harry appeared on a podcast hosted by the seasoned American comedian, Hasan Minhaj. The episode was taped in the United States. When asked if he would give his own children mobile phones he responded a loud yes. He spoke with unusual candor about the dangers of social media, calling the companies that run the platforms “evil, wicked people” who “farm our children’s mindset.” He also said he would give his children cell phones similar to those used by social media platforms. “We will be a lot more cautious and hesitant about giving our kids access to social media,” he added, adding that there is no “logical, fair, ethical and moral world” in which a parent should not be worried about the applications on their child’s phone. He meant there is no such world.

This is the voice of a father who appears to have been seduced by the digital world, a parent making a serious effort to protect his children from the possible deleterious consequences of the digital world. And yet, this is the same man whose wife would utilize her massive Instagram platform just months later to post a tribute to their marriage that was overly groomed, emotionally manipulative, and dripping with commercialism. This tribute was posted on Instagram. The piece had a video clip of their children singing “Happy Anniversary.” The post was written in the hope that it would strengthen the family brand using voices more recognizable to youngsters. Prior to the presentation, there was a touchy explanation that penguins “are for life” and a display of the bronze penguin Harry had given her as a thoughtful gift.

It seems unimaginable that these two readings of the marriage of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex may both be true. Some people think that social media should be regulated because it is a threat to society and should be used in a cautious and isolated circumstance. The other is a brand that is aimed at the general public and operates on the very channels that Harry is skeptical of. Harry does use his own children in the marketing campaign. Seen in this light, the source’s description of Meghan as the “director of operations” and Harry as a “poor innocent ginger guy, lamb to the slaughter” is a comment of a different order. To what extent does Harry see himself as a willing co-pilot in this enterprise, or does he see his statements on the podcast as a tentative flexing of star power? Or he may be a man whose fundamental convictions are being challenged by the relentless demands of Brand Sussex, a man who is a passenger in a life being driven by his wife. Most of the twenty-four pictures, which are centered on Meghan, produce a sense of imbalance of power. This is her account of what happened and he is merely a character within it. This is how she recounts it from her point of view.

The uninvited the ultimate objective and decision of a kingdom "The Uninvited"

Just as the digital dust is beginning to settle on the anniversary post, a real-world event is looming that will be the official reply of the monarchy. The event is taking place in the near future. Harriet Sperling and Peter Phillips, the son of Princess Anne and the late Queen's eldest grandchild, are due to marry on June 6th. The Queen's eldest grandchild is Peter Phillips. The wedding is a family event which the Windsors are looking forward to, a time when the Windsor family can come together and enjoy the event. The guest list for the occasion includes core family members such as King Charles, Queen Camilla, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and King Charles himself. One particularly important point is the fact that Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie who have been gradually increasing the number of public engagements they are responsible for, are likely to play a prominent part in the ensuing ceremony. And The Sun says the royal briefings that have been made public indicate the inclusion of these people is a deliberate statement from the King that they are crucial members of the family. The announcement was made during the royal celebrations.

Meanwhile, the Sussexes are not on the list of guests who will attend the celebration. Logistically, it’s not just a simple mistake, it’s the most extreme type of disrespect.” If you are not invited to your cousin’s wedding, it is a clear and unmistakable message: you are out of the group. During this time, each member of the family is coming together, moving on with their lives and building a future that does not include the extension to California. What a difference between the two. Every time Meghan touches the computer, she’s writing a history where she’s erased her family from the image. On the other hand her family now live in Britain where they work on a future that will also take her away.

The terrible conclusion to which they have arrived, by the road which they have chosen. The anniversary carousel was supposed to be a power move, a reclaiming of their own tale, but it has become a monument to their isolation. This CD is a recording of what they have lost: the unconditional support of their mother, the love of their family, the goodwill of their nation, the respect of their peers. Twenty-four images have been chosen with great care, a bronze penguin and the elements of a fairy tale that they have dismantled themselves. These are the only things remaining.  After eight years, she is the star of a wedding no one else is invited to, so the Duchess has no one else to dance with. That is because she is the only person invited to the wedding party.

Thank you for watching the video! Please let us know your thoughts, and goodbye for now!