Breaking right now. King Charles has
finally spoken. Prince Harry and Meghan
Markle, you might think you're coming
back here to restart royal duties, but
that ain't going to happen. Now, look,
I'm going to going to give the monarch a
small amount of credit for doing this. I
think it has taken too long, but it does
mean he has listened, and it does
provide a mortifying clapback to Prince
Harry and Meghan Markle. Prince William
has won.
The late Queen Elizabeth II won't be
rolling so hard in her grave because it
means the king is publicly insisting
that the Sandreham summit stands. So,
we're going to get into this bombshell
blow for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle
on their UK return today with Britney,
editor of the Royal News Network because
this is just huge news. But first, I
want to take you through the letter that
was sent privately to the Sussex's, but
now has also been leaked publicly in a
coordinated effort for King Charles to
reclaim the narrative. So, let me take
you through the reporting from the head
of the royal wro. It's very interesting.
She has been pro King Charles throughout
all of this. Rebecca English. And there
is the headline that the king has said
Harry and Megan are still not working
royals after the return to Britain. And
she writes, "The king today made it
clear that the Duke and Duchess of
Sussex are still not working royals
following their return to the UK." In a
letter of guidance to senior
stakeholders in the government,
military, and those who represent the
royal family around the country, Charles
said Harry and Megan's titles are in
obeyance and they should not be treated
as anything other than private
individuals. The monarch has also
advised that security issues should
continue to be directed to the relevant
police authorities. The guidance was
sent out under the king's instructions
by his most senior official, the Lord
Chamberlain. Royal officials have made
clear it is in full accordance with the
Sussex's family stated wishes to remain
private citizens while in the UK and in
keeping with what became known as the
Sandreum agreement, which still stands.
But Britney, that might be the case.
However, this is a humiliation for
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. You
know, Britney, he was hoping for a
change in all of this. And what the king
is signaling today is that William has
won. Sir Clive Alderton, who's on the
way out, has has won. And that ain't
going to be changing. And by the way,
Harry, when you want to moan about your
security, it's not my issue. Thank God.
Thank God. I mean, look, I'm not holding
out too much hope, but maybe, just
maybe, Britney the King has finally
listened to his subjects.
>> He has, Dan. Hopefully, this is how
things stay. it. It was about time
Charles made the stance clear here
because Harry and Megan are constantly
pushing their own agenda with basically
no clapback from the royal family. And
we know the mantra is never complain,
never explain. But really in this modern
era, that that just no longer works
anymore. And especially with Harry and
Megan's aggressive aggressive push here,
Charles really had to hold the line. Now
he needs to do more strip titles, places
in line of succession, uh job as
counselor of state. Like that needs to
happen too cuz I think it would make the
separation even more clear to Harry and
Megan. But Harry and Megan have chosen
the life of private individuals and
doing a cosplay royal routine is is not
being a private individual. You are
attempting to redo the job that you
left. And Harry and Megan here need to
understand that they have chosen this
life and coming back to the UK and
acting as if nothing is wrong that
they're just going to go back to what
they were doing. and undermines the very
foundations of the monarchy and what it
does. It's so important here for Charles
to hold this line. I still think he's
probably going to be a little soft on
it, but this was a good thing for
Charles to do because he needed to make
his position clear and it's been unclear
for way too long. I wish he had done it
sooner, but Charles is just a very
reactionary king. He's not a proactive
king here. So, he only does things
seemingly when he has to be pushed and
when things become so bad, he needs to
respond. It's good that he did, but
hopefully even more can be done here
because Charles needs to leave the
throne intact for William and allowing
Harry and Megan to do as they please is
not going to help with that at all.
>> Yeah, exactly. It's almost like this is
maintaining the status quo position
whereas actually we are asking for much
more from King Charles. much more has to
change. And certainly when it comes to
security, what's interesting to me is
Charles is basically saying, "Well, it's
not my problem." But Harry is making it
his problem by consistently
>> basically running running uh rough shot
over the the official judiciary in this
country by ignoring the king's courts
and writing directly to to the home
secretary. So what I will say is like
your majesty, this is your problem and
you've got to get your son under
control. Okay? You've got to get Harry
under control. It's not enough to just
say nothing to see her. However,
however, Britney, I want to celebrate
the wins. Okay? And we are very tough at
King Charles at certain points. You have
been very tough on him over the past few
days. Let's celebrate this win today.
Let's celebrate the fact that the king
has listened. Let's celebrate the fact
that this is a total humiliation for
Prince Harry because it's the government
being told. Harry keeps thinking he can
just he can just act as if he's a royal
whereas actually to be very clear what
the king is saying here is Shabban Mmood
the British home secretary my son might
be writing to you he's not writing to
you as a prince. He is not writing to
you as a prince. So you need to treat
him in exactly the same way as if Dan
Wooden has just written you a letter. Do
not give him special treatment. The king
is saying that. But look Brady, I think
it is very important that we read the
letter out in full because while it's
important we translate it to it's
obviously written in sort of official
speak. It really does matter given that
this has come
>> from the right honorable Lord Benion,
the Lord Chamberlain. So let's get into
it. It reads, "Following the decision by
the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to
relocate to the UK, we have received a
number of requests for guidance. To help
avoid doubt or confusion, the king has
directed that the following information
be shared."
But first, you know, here on Outspoken,
we spend an awful amount of time talking
about institutions that don't give you
the full picture. Well, here's one that
can hit Americans directly in their
wallet. Medicare. Millions of people are
on the wrong Medicare plan and don't
even know it. Not because they're
careless, because most Medicare agents
only show you the plans that pay them
the most. So, you never see the full
picture. That's why I want you to know
about Chapter. They are the only
Medicare advisors that compare every
plan nationwide. Chapter's independent
advisers look at your doctors, your
prescriptions, your priorities, and
they're honest. They're not paid to
stare you anywhere. One caller called
Chip found out his old broker had been
putting his own paycheck first. Chapter
found him a better fit, and now he's
saving over $1,300
a year. Folks who switched with chapters
saved an average of $1,100
a year on health care costs. So call
8148134918
now. It's free, takes under 20 minutes
and there is no sales pitch. Finally see
the full picture by calling 8148134918.
But now back to the show.
So this is from the king directly. It is
well known that in January 2020 the Duke
and Duchess stepped down from
undertaking representative duties on
behalf of the sovereign and are no
longer working members of the royal
family. This position distinct from the
state and royal duties undertaken by the
working royal family and with the
personal latitude it brings the couple
in respect of financial independence and
protection of their privacy as they
would wish. Oh my god, it's actually
funny. We'll continue to be fully
respected. So Britney, let's just pause
there because this is the most important
part. The king is doing two things here.
reminding the couple of how hypocritical
they are, but saying, you know what, you
can earn your own money, however you
choose. But please just remember, please
just remember that you didn't just tell
the world, Britney, but you told us that
the whole reason for this exit was
privacy. So do not come back here
and all of a sudden try and thrust
yourself into the private conversation
when as far as we were concerned you
were doing this for privacy. I think the
inclusion of that Britney is so so
significant because it's Charles really
calling them out using their own words.
Just remember, yes, you can make your
own money, but just remember you claimed
you wanted privacy and then it reminds
me Britney of South Park. You know, you
then went on a worldwide privacy tour. I
think this is the king in some ways
attempting to humiliate
the couple
into private life, into a quiet life. I
don't think it's going to work for a
single second, but I think it's highly
significant that he is using their own
explanation. Britney,
>> I think it is, Dan. He is well aware of
the hypocrisy of Harry and Megan, as we
all are. The only ones who aren't aware
of it are Harry and Megan themselves, it
seems like. But Harry and Megan have not
had a private life. Again, we have seen
royals who have, let's say, mostly
retired from royal duties and have lived
privately, and they are able to do so
with little fuss, little mus. But Harry
and Megan constantly want to court
attention. They just want it all on
their terms. And the reality is that
that when you're a public figure,
privacy sort of es and flows. You don't
have a ton of privacy if you are trying
to court attention because to do that,
you have to violate your own privacy.
And let's be honest, too, ever since
Megan restarted on Instagram, all she's
done is violate the privacy of her
children and her own family. And so this
whole idea that Harry and Megan are
wanting the private life is is just
completely ridiculous, but it's what
they've claimed and it's what they're
still being held to. They've like tried
to walk this back over the years, but we
all knew their calls for privacy,
respect our privacy, respect our
children's privacy. They've endlessly
gone on and on and on about this only to
reverse course when it suits them and
violate their own privacy when they feel
like they they need attention or what
have you. And so I think Charles holding
their feet to the fire here is a really
good thing. And it's a really good thing
for the monarchy too because the
monarchy to a certain extent, yes, they
have their privacy, but they also share
aspects of their lives with the public.
And they have this very careful line
that they walk, which I think everybody
respects. But Harry and Megan, of
course, make a mockery of even that with
their demands for privacy yet showing
their kids. I mean, it's all such a
mess. But I think good on King Charles
here for pointing this out. Indeed. Now
the letter goes on Britney and by the
way it is worth pointing out this is
briefing from the Daily Mail but it goes
on to say that it was sent to relevant
senior stakeholders across government
the military and Lord lieutenies by Lord
Benignyan as well as to Harry and Megan.
It goes on to say it follows that there
is no change to the current status
of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Their
styles as his and her royal highness
remain in obeyance and are not used.
The charitable work of the Duke and
Duchess is a personal matter for them
both and undertaken in their private
capacity. In short, their position is
akin to private citizens with commercial
and charitable interests. And again,
Britney, we just have to think about the
significance of what the king is saying
here. It's like, don't even think about
them as half in, half out. Don't even
think about that. They might brief as
much as they want because they have
been, Britney. We've seen it over the
past few weeks that they have won, that
they are now half in and half out
royals, that they will use their royal
titles and royal connections for the
money. This is the king saying no they
will not and they are not and to me it
is highly highly significant. I mean
it's mortifying too by the way like just
a reminder they are not his royal
highness. I mean for Harry that is like
a dagger. That is like a dagger to the
heart. And also Britney in terms of
saying doesn't matter what they do
they're just like me. They are just a
British citizen. They can do whatever
they want. But it's the detail here I
think. And even though it is just the
repeating of fact, this needed to
happen, Britney, because their briefing
has been so dishonest.
>> It really has, Dan. Especially Megan
wanting to get back into the charity
scene and acting like she can just pick
up where she left off. Even though she
had the greatest chance to help the
British people, to be a part of various
charities, she dropped them as soon as
Netflix and Spotify came a calling. And
so to sort of come back and act as if
they're just stepping back in to the
life that they left is deeply
problematic. And that's why it's so
important here for Charles to say no,
they they can do what they want.
Nobody's saying they can't. But
everything that was agreed to back in
2020 still holds. They are not working
royals. They can't use a his or her
royal highness, which is a pretty big
deal in the royal sphere. And so if they
can't use that, they can't do this. So
they they can go about and do what they
want here, but everything still holds
the way it was. And this was so
important for Charles to specify because
Harry and Megan are definitely briefing
and working and trying to be cosplay
royals. They're trying to establish a
rival royal court here. And Charles
needs to make it clear that they might
attempt to do these things, but even as
the newspapers, even as the various
groups, you are not here to indulge
that. Yes, you may send a reporter to
cover them if you wish, but the royal
family is still the working royal
family. Harry and Megan are outside it.
They're doing their own thing and they
are allowed to do that. But we are going
to hold to the integrity of the
monarchy. Again, I think Charles needs
to make some more steps. I think this is
a great establishing shot here because
this had to happen because right now
Harry and Megan are trying to dominate
the entire news cycle trying very much
to portray themselves as working royals
and Charles had to put an end to that.
>> Yeah, indeed Britney. Now again the the
the specificities in the letter are what
I again think are quite mortifying for
Harry and Megan. So there's two in this
next section which I want to point out
specifically to you Britney. First any
specific questions from official and
state organizations about the courtesies
which should be extended to the Duke and
Duchess and particularly where recourse
to public funds may be required should
be directed to Buckingham Palace. So,
so, so what the king is saying there is
do not even think about listening to
Harry and Megan. if they come to you and
say you've got to do this for us and
obviously it wouldn't be them personally
Britney we're talking about their team
you know but if their team goes to for
example the department of education I'm
just picking an example plucking it out
of thin air and says well they're doing
to a visit a visit to a school
>> you've got to roll out the red carpet or
or or or treat them as more than a
private individual the king is saying in
those occasions do not listen to what
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's team
tell you come to us. Come to us because
it is very clear that they are going to
try and overstep the bounds of who they
really are. I think that is very
significant, Britney, because to me it
suggests a serious level of distrust
between Buckingham Palace and the
Sussex's in terms of what they are
likely to ask for, in terms of what they
are likely to demand.
And this is very very critical Dan
because what is happening here is that
because of again Harry Megan's status
here he's technically what fifth in line
of succession they have these titles and
everything. The concern is is that Harry
Megan will go to an organization and
cite their titles and credentials and
connections to the monarchy and be
treated to the same level of fanfare as
Katherine and William the King and Queen
or the the Duke and Duchess of
Edinburghough. So the the royal family
has to make this clear here that if
Harry and Megan are going, especially I
think to anything connected to the
government or anything like that, you
direct questions about what's going to
happen and how the monarchy is going to
respond to Buckingham Palace. If
anything, if Harry and Megan approach
you, talk to Buckingham Palace because
Buckingham Palace will tell you, "Hey,
they're not this, they're not that." And
yeah, they can visit you. That's fine,
but they are not representing us in any
way. Because again, the danger here is
that with all those titles, people may
think Harry and Megan are representing
the monarchy. That's why the titles need
to go. That's why they have to go is
because people still get confused. This
is why Nigeria and Colombia rolled out
the red carpet for Harry and Megan is
because to a certain extent those titles
hold influence. They they feain a
connection to the monarchy and that of
course is the danger here. So to disrupt
that and to say, "Hey, if Harry and
Megan are any chance saying that they
represent anything, they're coming on
behalf of the king or just even they're
coming on behalf of themselves, but oh,
they have connections to the crown or
something." It allows any organization
to put their questions to Buckingham
Palace going, "Okay, Harry and Megan are
telling us this. What is the truth
here?" Because the monarchy holds the
power. And that's what Charles needs to
establish. It's not Harry and Megan.
It's the monarchy. It's the crown. It
has all the power. Harry and Megan have
none and that needed to be made
appallingly clear to them.
>> 100% Britney, 100%. And what is also
interesting is that the letter goes on
to say any operational security issues
should continue to be directed to the
relevant police authorities. So again, I
would say that is the royal family
saying, "Well, they're not royals, so
they don't get security unless they get
given it by the police." Which of course
has been the king's position all along,
but is much much more significant given
the briefing that we've seen over the
weekend, Britney, from Team Sussex, is
that well, of course they're going to
get their security. You know, of course
they're going to get it. It's just a
matter of time. There's going to be a
U-turn within a fortnight. Uh the last
line of the letter is particularly
brutal. Again, it's just stating a fact,
but I think you'll understand what I
mean. All correspondents and
administrative questions relating to the
couple should be sent directly to their
office, which will continue to operate
separately from the royal household. And
it's just like burn. It's just like
burn.
>> Yep.
>> If you value the whole truth and nothing
but the truth on these royal stories,
make sure you subscribe to Outspoken
right now. It allows me to work outside
of the MSM and the Royal Roter.
>> Yeah, they're definitely making it clear
here where they're drawing a line in the
sand. And this had to happen. It took
way too long to get here. I think
Charles again is allowing Harry and
Megan to run the narrative a little bit
too long before trying to rein it back
in. But this is definitely them drawing
a line in the sand saying we are
separate households that that we have
nothing to do with them in terms of what
they are trying to do here in the UK.
But anything related to how they are
looked at as royals must be directed
back to the seat of power for the royals
which is Buckingham Palace. But any
administrative questions or something
like that, send it to the Sussex's. When
it comes to security, that is a police
related issue. We're not going to weigh
in on that, which is exactly how it
should be. And the reality is again the
government had decided before Archie was
born I believe that they were not going
to extend security to him. And Harry is
trying at this point to kind of guilt
the government going my children they're
going to be most vulnerable on the
school run so you need to give me
security. And this is just such a danger
here for the monarchy. And it's good for
Charles to say like anything related to
security give it to the police. They
will figure this out. I want nothing to
do with this, which should have always
been the stance and made again more
clear earlier. But it's good that
Charles is making these steps here. I
think he's felt the pressure. I think
he's finally waking up to the fact that
Harry and Megan, they may promise a lot
of things, but Harry and Megan are not
good at keeping their word. They
constantly lie to get their way. They're
constantly spinning narratives. And it's
good for Charles to at least begin to
recognize that begin to fight back and
allow William I think here to take some
more of the charge when it comes to
Harry and Megan because I think Charles
is just a little bit too emotionally
attached while I think Prince William
will take the harder stance and take in
this situation I think very much the
right stance to protect the monarchy.
Again, I don't I can't even think of any
royal household that is dealing with
something in this way at least in Europe
for sure. And so this is just a very
unique circumstance. I think they need
to like kind of rip up this the playbook
here when it comes to dealing with Harry
and Megan and really figure out how to
manage them, keep them away. This is
what's going to protect the monarchy and
it has to be done.
>> Yeah, indeed. Um Britney,
of course, we saw that over the weekend.
I I mean, look at the Daily Star front
page today. this idea of the school run
now being the most dangerous the most
dangerous part of the week. Uh, and what
Harry and Megan are actually doing here
is making it clear that they want people
to know that there is a security risk. I
mean, I would argue, Britney, it's the
most dangerous thing to do if you're
looking to be protected. And I did quite
like this from the wall painter. I mean,
this is a joke obviously, but uh it's
hilarious. I'm actually going to give
them a follow right now because of it.
Uh breaking news, first sighting of
Harry and Megan during the school run.
And look, look. And uh this Telegraph
article, Britney, and remember this is
written by Victoria Ward who broke the
story of them returning and who is very
very much part of the Sussex propaganda
machine these days says that the school
run is the biggest concern and uh they
start next week. So as in this week uh
there was a suggestion they may already
have been there. So no, it looks like
it's happening now this week. However,
the family is still waiting for answers
from the home office. And she writes,
"The daily school run presents specific
challenges because of the repetitive
nature of shuttling to and from the same
place every day at the same school. It
is absolutely the biggest area of
concern. One friend said it creates the
most dangers. They also confirm there,
Britney, that the nanny has relocated to
the UK with the couple. That was the
suggestion, but it is now confirmed."
But stupidly they say, "Oh, but the Duke
and Duchess will be doing the school run
themselves sometimes, just like they did
in Monteito.
Various policies and procedures have
been put in place with teachers given
special training." Now Britney, you say
on this leveraging the children to guilt
the government into giving Harry and
Megan full-time government funded
security is low, and indeed it is. But
Britney, I would also argue it's
dangerous.
It's dangerous. Like you are trying to
create a security situation. That's my
reading of this. Because otherwise,
Britney, why the hell would you announce
two potential terrorists, two potential
mad people? We're going to be doing this
every day. Oh, and it's not the nanny.
It's not the nanny. We're going to be
doing this the same time every day, and
it's actually going to be Harry and
Megan sometimes. What they're doing is
inviting an issue. It is completely
nuts. And Britney, I'm very consistent
on this. I was hugely critical when woke
ITV and Chris Ship and Charlene White
revealed a whole load of information
about security around Prince George at
school. I was utterly disgusted by that
because you do not talk about this. If
you were trying to avoid threats yet
they are talking about it, Britney, they
are pushing it.
>> They are 100% doing that Dan. They
they're inviting something. Honestly, I
was thinking the other day, I was like,
I bet you there'll be some sort of
paparazzi chase as they're trying to get
to school. And they're reminding us,
yes, they're vulnerable during the
school run. It's like, well, were they
not vulnerable in the United States
doing this school run, too? Why are they
And then why are they relocating their
children if if they're so vulnerable?
Like, none of this makes sense. It's all
a desperate ploy to try to get
government funded security. And again,
the government had already decided
before Archie was born that he didn't
need it because he is constitutionally
irrelevant. And again, I think if titles
and places of line of succession are
stripped, then wouldn't you know, most
of the security risk kind of sort of
goes away. But Harry and Megan, I think
by saying, well, we're going to have our
children's school remain private.
They're private citizens, private this,
private that. What they're doing is
actually generating a curiosity economy.
People are trying to find the
information because Harry and Megan are
being so secretive and clandestine about
it. So, they're generating more interest
and buzz in the school by keeping it
secret and making a whole thing out of
it rather than just going, "Oh, they're
going here. It's private. It's done.
Like, let's not talk about it." And
don't forget as well, there's a lot of
rich kids in the United Kingdom and none
of them get government funded security
and they are all fine. So, Harry and
Megan here, they're just totally
disconnected from reality. And I think
they're just desperate for anybody else
to cover their security bill because I
do not think they can maintain their
lifestyle, maintain the security,
maintain all their homes if they don't
get at least something covered. And I
think security is the first thing
they're looking to try to get off their
chest or off their bank account.
>> Britney, do stand by because what we're
going to do is move over to Substack now
because of course there has been loads
of other breaking news over the weekend.
Meghan Markle has been spotted for the
first time in the Cotsworlds. And guess
where she's decided to go? Oh yeah. Only
David and Victoria Beckham's favorite
place. And I am told Britney this is
very much Megan saying to the Beckhams,
"This is my territory now." So I'm going
to get into that really bizarre
reporting. It's just like grow up, grow
up. Uh and there's lots more to cover
too that has emerged over the weekend.
So, we're going to do all of that over
on Substack as the Royal Unceled after
show continues with Britney, editor of
the Royal News. Oh, yeah. By the way,
they want to be back in the Royal Roter,
too. That's the other thing. You
couldn't make it up. And there's a
reason why I'm outside the Royal Rotary.
And I explain it to you every day.
That's why I would love you to join me
on Substack because it keeps me totally
independent outside of that rotor,
outside of the mainstream media. You can
join us there at www.outspoken.live
where the paid monthly and annual
subscribers do get first access to the
after show with no advertising
whatsoever. Thank you so much for your
company today.
Dan Morton Outspoken is your no spin, no
bias, no censorship outlet for
independent news. We have no big tech
backing or billionaires pulling my
strings, but that does mean I need your
support. So, please hit subscribe on
YouTube, turn on the notification bell,
and subscribe to Dan Outspoken on
Spotify or Apple Podcasts. It's totally
free, but allows me to continue my
promise to always keep fighting for you.