Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are

conducting a fraud on the British

government and the British people and

today I am going to blow the whistle in

this process. By the way, they are also

prepared to abuse the memory of the late

Queen Elizabeth II, abuse the health of

their father, King Charles, and abuse

even the happiness of their socalled

children, Archie and Lily, who they

claim to want to protect more than

anything else. But it all simply props

and pawns in a despicable PR game. These

two think we are stupid. They believe we

don't remember their first fake car

chase through New York City. So they now

believe that they can concoct a second

fake car chase. This time they're

describing it as a convoy issue in

Oxford in order to justify taxpayer

funded security to the tune of over£10

million a year paid for by you paid for

by me. So they've gone for the jugular

to try and force the home secretary

Shabban Makmoo to overturn a decision

from the king's courts on their lack of

security by removing their children from

their new school after just 2 days in

what is their grossest stunt ever. Well,

we start tonight with breaking news and

we understand that the Duke and Duchess

of Sussex have moved their children to a

new school just two days into the new

term over security concerns. In some

breaking news, there could be a new

twist in the Sussex's security saga with

Harry and Megan reportedly pulling their

two youngest children out of their brand

new school in the UK.

>> Still in the UK, Prince Harry and Meghan

Markle have moved their children to a

new school just 2 days into the term

over security concerns. Here's some

breaking news into the Don Lemon Show

newsroom. Harry and Megan have just

pulled their kids Archie and Livette out

of their new school only days after they

started. And the reason security, but

even the arch propagandist at Wokeai TV

News, Chris Ship and Tom Bradby couldn't

pretend that this is in any way normal.

>> New developments tonight in the story we

broke earlier about both Prince Harry

and Megan, the Duchess of Sussex, each

being given a full official security

review. The review will be carried out

by the Home Office Committee, which

looks after security for high-profile

figures like royalty and indeed

politicians, many politicians. But it's

now emerged that the couple have already

taken their children, Archie and Lilet,

out of their school after just two days

to start somewhere else. And Chris joins

me. Uh, it's been quite a busy evening

on this front. Talk me through where you

think we are on the security. Yeah, Tom.

I think what I'm finding or reminding

myself is that when it comes to Harry

and Megan, you can get a lot of stories

in one day. And today, for example, we

have three.

>> The detail from Chip though doesn't make

this look any better. Even with his

totally bizarre explanation, which

revealed even more about their

whereabouts and you know what, I'm just

going to say it. These two are asking,

they want a false flag attack.

>> They spent Thursday and Friday at the

school that their parents had chosen for

them. Uh today we had it confirmed that

they've already been moved out of that

school and moved to another one. Uh

according to their office, they had

discussions with their security team.

What could that mean? Well, it could

simply just be that the school was too

far away and the security people were

having to spend too long traveling with

Harry and Megan and the children and

thought, well, maybe if only one parent

goes, is the other parent at home? And

we know there's no protection for them

at the moment.

>> This is a mess. Indeed, in the past

hour, ship has even had to admit the

previous schoolers, I am told by those

in the know, actually relieved that

Harry and Megan relocated their

children. Now, this story, which is

twisted, was initially linked to the

pro- Harry and Megan outlet Hello

magazine, and the details that have

revealed yet again about their own

security and total incompetence is

jaw-dropping.

Hello's royal editor Emily Nash, a

longtime Harry lover, wrote, "The Duke

and Duchess of Sussex's children spent

two days as new starters meeting their

classmates last week, only for their

parents to reluctantly decide to

withdraw them on the advice of their

security team. Sources close to the

couple have made clear there was no

issue with the school itself, but rather

with the practicalities of getting them

there and back. Heavy traffic in the

area and the distance between the school

and where they are living are thought to

have been contributing factors, putting

their small private security team under

strain. One incident made it difficult

for their vehicles to stay in convoy,

which raised further concerns. There's

the false car chase. Bodyguards for the

Sussex's carried out checks on the first

school over the summer holidays when

Harry and Megan made their decision to

return, but were not able to properly

wrecky the school until the first day of

term. It's a real shame because they

absolutely adored the school, the kids,

and the parents. It was perfect for them

in every way and the children really

enjoyed their time there. They really

wanted to make it work, but they had to

make a difficult decision based on the

fact that the team couldn't make the

school run operationally secure. A

friend of the couple tells hello. Archie

and Lily will now join another school in

the area after visiting a taste at

session on Monday. Harry was spotted

settling Lily into reception and the

couple have been added to the parents

WhatsApps groups. God help them. A

spokesman for the Duke and Duchess told

Hello, the decision for the children to

move school was taken following a

discussion with the family security team

about the practicalities of their

current arrangements. The parents remain

extremely grateful to all the teachers

and staff for their love, care, and

effort they have shown their family.

This decision should in no way be

interpreted as a reflection on the

school or the exceptional care the

children have received. Oh, don't worry.

We know the school's fine. We know it's

you who are totally freakish. Now, Nash

went on to say, "Those in Harry's camp

will see the abrupt move as further

evidence of his need for better security

provision while living in the UK." I'm

sorry, this is just abusive behavior,

isn't it? On so many levels. Woke it

ship then revealed on Australian TV

that the appalling details in that story

have been confirmed by Harry and Megan's

team. Want the real story behind the

headlines? Subscribe to Dan Wooden

Outspoken for daily updates you won't

get anywhere else. Join us today. It's

free.

>> Uh we've had it confirmed this evening

by their spokesperson that after

discussions with their security team,

they've decided that the school wasn't

right after all. Now, reading into that

is probably that the school, you know,

could simply just be a bit too far away

from their new home in the UK. And the

security people said, "Look, we really

can't spend like an hour getting there

and an hour getting home every day.

That's 4 hours a day." It could be

something as simple as that. But for the

kids who have just been, you know, moved

from California to the UK and then put

into a school, it must feel a little

unsettling already having that school

taken away and changed.

>> Yeah, you think it have to be pretty

disruptive for those kids.

>> But this bloke kept on chilling for

Harry then suggesting he should have

taxpayer funded security.

>> What Harry has at the moment in the UK

is well basically nothing. He has the

phone number of a police liaison

officer. So if he gets into trouble, the

only protection he currently has is to

pick up the phone and say, "Hey guys,

I'm in a spot of bother. Would you mind

coming out and seeing to me?" Now, of

course, if that's like uh you know,

Harry being under attack, heaven forbid,

well, you know, you'd like to think that

um they'd have something in place a bit

sooner. However, what I've learned this

evening or Monday night in the UK,

yesterday night for you guys, was that

Harry and Megan, so they will both get a

separate review. It's called a risk

management board. It's like a risk

assessment. But Harry's getting one and

Megan's getting one. And that's the

first time Megan's had one since she was

inside the royal tent way back in 2019,

2020.

>> Okay, so this is where the fraud comes

in. Here's what's going on. Harry and

Megan are attempting to prove to the

king and the government that if they

don't get full taxpayer funded security

for all four members of the family that

they, as in the king and the government,

will have blood on their hands if there

were to ever be a tragic incident. And

here's why. Because once Rav grants a

protected person security, they are

protected wherever in the world they

are. So when Megan heads back to spend

lengthy periods of the year separated

from Harry and Monteito, British

taxpayers will be paying for the armed

cops to be by her side. Likewise, when

she goes on a girl's holiday to the

Maldes or a fake royal tour in Nigeria

or Australia or Colombia, you and me are

pain. It doesn't matter where she is. In

a world where Nigel Farage doesn't even

have full taxpayer funded security, in a

world where Rert Low doesn't even have

full taxpayer funded security, this is

clearly untenable. But it is why Harry

and Megan are taking such great lengths

to make themselves unsafe. And remember

in all of this, they're only here

because they quit. And I was incredibly

close to the story, the Sandridan

Summit, Megit, all of that. And I

reported it at the time, Prince William,

King Charles, and the then Queen warned

them the consequences of their decision

was no security anytime, anywhere, ever

again funded by the British state.

Indeed, it's why King Charles agreed to

a one-year transition period just in

case they changed their mind and

realized they had made a far mistake.

Unfortunately, or maybe fortunately,

that came six years later. And of course

within that six years it all got far

worse because most of you will remember

Harry wrote in his autobiography Spare

his Taliban kill count. He boasted about

shooting the Islamist to death. Although

hilariously today he is briefing to the

Daily Telegraph that it's horrible

nationalists like me rather than the

Islamists who are putting him under

threat. This from their new propagandist

at the Telegraph, Victoria Ward, who

wrote, "The Duchess of Sussex has been

granted her first governmentbacked

security review since quitting royal

duties." The Telegraph can reveal both

the Sussex's will receive an official

risk assessment imminently following

their relocation to the UK. The couple

have been asked by Ravik to provide full

details of their new daily routine. The

committee chairman wrote to the Duke of

Sussex last week confirming that in

light of their change circumstances, it

had commissioned a new risk assessment

for him and a separate one for his wife.

By the way, this is all meant to be

deeply secret, right? Like you're not

meant to talk about these security

details if you have any fear about your

own security.

Ward goes on, the Duke is said to feel

numbed by his lengthy struggle to secure

protection for his family. Isn't he

hardone by and has long passed any sense

of optimism that it might be granted?

The report said the biggest threat

facing the Duke was from lone actors or

grassroots terrorists who often target

public figures who receive high levels

of negative publicity. The narrative

that he is a traitor and poses a threat

to the royal family had only served to

incite British nationalist anger. It

stated, okay, let me just be very clear

about this. Prince Harry is a traitor

and Prince Harry does pose a real threat

to the royal family, but me saying that

isn't what puts him at threat. The only

threat that he is under is from

Islamists because of him boasting about

the Taliban kill count. But to suggest

that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry do

not want to become a security threat now

defies logic. Stick with me on this one

because it's really important. Over the

weekend, they actually docked themselves

on Megan's own Instagram account,

revealing that they were at the mansion

of the billionaire Ian Waist. This is a

man I've spoken about quite a lot on the

show. He is the business passer of the

GB News owner Paul Marshall. Now, they

doxed themselves, made it very, very

clear where they were despite having

briefed the media previously not to

reveal their whereabouts and assured

everyone that they would never be

revealing their children's faces online

once they entered the UK. Total

 And it gets worse. Today,

Harry turned 42, and let's be honest, he

is looking every one of those 42 years

these days, only for Megan to reveal

even more private images, including

quite a creepy shot actually, showing

the juke kissing his daughter Lily on

the lips. And I think in this photo, she

is quite clearly identifiable.

There are lots of questions about

whether the photos and videos are even

genuine given in some of them the videos

that were first revealed over the

weekend the family is seen wearing

winter coats in the middle of summer

with the royal grift arguing it is all

smoke and mirrors. Indeed, Jenny Randall

has doubted whether it's even Harry in

one of the images, writing, "Okay, so

anyone taken in by this photo, that is

not H. Totally not him. The boy has

suddenly got different colored straight

hair and shrunken height. The girl seems

to be wearing some strange wig."

Now look, I understand

that many of you despise these two and

this drama is belittling the monarchy

and it's sickening to watch, but it is

absolutely imperative that we call it

out because trust me, once these two

have security for life, paid for by me,

paid for by you, to the tune of 10

million pounds a year, I actually think

it's going to be more to be honest

because remember, you're having to cover

four of these people and Megan and Harry

are barely going to be together in in

the same location. Once they have that,

we are stuck with them forever and they

are going to be able to continue their

plot to destroy the British royal family

with false claims of racism. Mike Graham

posted on this, "Oh, do give over. This

needs to stop now." and Pierers Morgan

raged. So they demand privacy and want

taxpayer funded security to protect them

while simultaneously posting footage to

social media that reveals images of the

children and where they're all living.

Over in the States, there's also no

sympathy. Right-wing commentator Meghan

McCain arguing Megan and Harry can

literally do nothing normal without it

turning into a total circus. And indeed,

they're only backed now by the worst of

the worst leftists like Ner and Decor

who claimed, "I'm sorry, but this is

pure negligence. If anything happens to

Harry, Megan, or the children, the

monarchy is well and truly over. King

Charles has been terribly laps and

ridiculously foolish over the safety of

his own flesh and blood." But I want to

remind Narendor, the only person who has

revealed the location of the so-called

children is Meghan Markle herself. The

only people who have turned the children

into a porn in a PR game, even being

prepared to risk their sanity and their

education by pulling them out of a

school that they apparently loved after

two days, is Prince Harry and Meghan

Markle. They need to be removed both

from the line of succession, the royal

website, and in Harry's case, he must be

stripped of the ability to be a

counselor of state. Now, the superstar

panel,

Jasmine Burchils, David Athetherton,

Gali reports, and Lauren the insider all

with me today. Lauren, look, this is a

far. We know it is a farce. But the

problem is this far is designed to make

the British taxpayer fund these absolute

creeps, the these absolute liars to be

in our country to try and destroy our

monarchy forever more. And that's why I

really do believe that this story

matters, Lauren, and we're not getting

the truth about it from the mainstream

media.

Yeah, this pro this story matters for so

many reasons because it absolutely

highlights one rule for parasitic elites

and a different rule for us the public.

Now Harry has been working for the Labor

government for some time. They're not

going to admit this, but this is a fact.

He has been echoing their stance on

censorship. He's been echoing their

stance stance on Islamophobia

and the little has the audacity

to talk about anti-semitism. Yeah, it

was him that dressed as a Nazi. But

Harry is protected. So I have long said

and I spoke in January on this um

channel and on my channel that Harry is

getting security. There's no doubt about

it. what the public are told and when

they're told is is a different thing. We

have to remember the framework. Are we

looking at the home office to be honest

with us? Are we looking at team Sussex

to be honest with us? No. They have used

these children, dangled these poor

children like carrots, and these

children are being used. So, we the

public feel backed into a corner that oh

goodness me, we don't want anything to

happen to them. Look, of course, no one

wants anything to happen to children.

That that that's not what we're saying.

What we are saying is that Harry and

Megan live by a different set of rules.

They are absolutely protected by the

government. This pantomime is being

played out on the world stage. The

government and Harry and Megan are

taking us all as idiots. And ultimately,

let's just go back to this basic

fundamental fact. This hypocritical

prince said on the BBC last year he

could not imagine a world in which he

could bring his wife and invisible child

one invisible child too cuz we never see

them back to the UK unless he was

invited.

He gave it away there. So ultimately,

he's not just suddenly decided to move

to the UK where he was worried about

assassination, where his children have

no security. No, Harry is protected. And

the very wording in that Telegraph leak

absolutely echoes the distorted,

dangerous, nasty, and manipulative

narrative that we see from the Labor

government which neglects to talk about

the true threat of Islam and terrorists

and it pins it on some faright

nationalist group. And this this is the

biggest giveaway for me. But Meghan

Markle is a fake. She is a hypocrite and

she is never one to knowingly miss out

on being the victim. So this is so

predictable. I mean, you would also

think when you move to the Cotsworlds,

you know, the roads are narrow. You know

that there will be traffic. I don't

believe a word that comes out of this

family's mouth.

>> No, indeed. And the thing is, Jasmine,

they're now actually starting to, I

think, play with the minds of these two

young people involved. And that's why I

now believe it's abusive behavior. I

mean, it's abusive against us. But who

on earth puts their children into

school, Jasmine, for 2 days, admits that

the school was great, the children loved

it, and then says to try and prove some

type of point, you're being taken out. I

mean, that has a repercussion, Jasmine.

But first, if you've tried to quit

vaping or smoking and keep ending up

back where you started, you need to hear

about fume. And here's the reframe.

Okay, this is important. You are not the

problem. How you're trying to quit is

nicotine pouches, patches, and gum deal

with the chemical side. Cold turkey

leaves you white nut clean on willpower

alone. The real issue is that vaping

isn't just about nicotine. It's a habit.

Now, I've seen this up close. I will

admit it because my fiance has been

working to quit vaping. And the hardest

part hasn't been willpower. It's those

automatic moments where the hand reaches

for something without even thinking.

That's why Fume works. It's a flavored

air device that gives your hands, mouth,

and brain something better to reach for

when cravings hit. No nicotine, no

vapor, no batteries. Fume isn't a vape.

It's designed to distract you from

craving when willpower isn't enough. It

feels like a real object though, not a

gadget. So, it's fidget satisfying. And

the mint cores give a nice throat hit.

Not as strong as a vape, which is

exactly the point. There are over 10

interchangeable flavors from classic

peppermint, crisp mint to spearmint ice,

maple pepper, and peach blush. Over a

million people have already used fume to

quit differently. So, grab a journey

pack and get a free gift with purchase

using my code outspoken. Addiction is

really good at saying later. Don't let

it. Head to trifume.com. So that is t r

y fu m.com

and use the code outspoken for a free

gift with your first purchase. I'm going

to pop a link in the description below

this video and thank you to Fume by the

way. Such an important product for

sponsoring today's episode. But now back

to the show. It does and it does show

the the just the selfishness and as

we've said already the the narcissism of

of this couple really you know if you go

back to it you you remember a few years

ago when they said that Britain all of

Britain every single one of us are it

was a terribly racist place couldn't

possibly come back what a terrible place

horrible level of racism everybody's

racist and they're going to get rid of

their royal trapping rapping. So just he

said, "Just call me Harry. I'm just, you

know, I'm just a regular guy." Of course

not. He's never neither of them ever had

the intention of being regular or being

out of the the limelight. And they've

only come back here because they've just

ruined everything in America. I mean,

even the Kardashians think they're

trash. That's something when the

Kardashians go, "You're a bit [laughter]

naff bit, you know, a bit too naff for

us." That does say a lot. Um, so they've

come back. really they should be coming

back with their tails between their legs

because they have failed at everything.

And now, as you say, having failed at

everything, having been kicked out by

Netflix, having done terrible podcasts,

terrible documentaries, terrible home

wear, everything everything that they

touch turns to dust, particularly her.

Um, they've come back here thinking that

they can do something different. They

can set up home here. They can set up

some sort of businesses here. and

starting with their kids. I mean, we do

not we've never asked them them to come

back. Practically nobody wants them.

Only a sort of a hardcore of royal fans

as far as I can see. And nobody wants to

pay for it. Who do they think they are?

This is what I'd like to know.

>> And David, they must think we are

stupid, right? Because remember they had

that fake car chase through New York

City and all of the New York locals were

like, "Well, hang on a hang on a

moment." like it's impossible to get to

speeds that would even count as a car

chase. And now they're trying to suggest

that the roads of Oxford were so

dangerous that they were unable to form

their big convoy. And not only did they

just sound like lunatics, right? Because

you don't even hear this when you're

talking about a prime minister driving

through Oxford or another member of the

royal family driving through Oxford. But

also, it's so obvious, David, that this

was all just a setup. The whole thing is

a setup because what they want to do is

bully the government into making it

impossible to say, "No, we're not going

to be able to pay for your security."

in terms, you know, what what is what is

the difference between spin and telling

barefaced lies? You know, these people

are grossly misleading us more on the

current situation. I I was I was

thinking, you know, they probably are

the world's most obnoxious couple. The

grifters in the gri grifters in chief,

you know. Oh, by the way, one thought

came to mind while I was listening to

your introduction. I read that the

current cost of um of Harry and Megan's

security is $2 million a year. Um so

every so millions a year but when when

Nigel Farage was criticized for

accepting5 million pound for a lifetime

of security and they want£10 million a

year

>> these figures don't quite add up to me.

Very good point. I mean the issue is at

the moment they want to keep paying

privately while they have no government

funded security. They claim the reason

they want to get the government funded

security is because the private security

is unable to carry guns in this country.

But my view is that it is entirely

financially motivated because as you've

just pointed out David, it's highly

expensive and everyone who dismissed

Nigel Farage taking5 million to provide

him for security for life is not

understanding how much true security

does cost. And that's why I think it's

so dangerous to suggest that we should

also give security to Megan Markle

because these two aren't even in a

functioning marriage. Why on earth

should British taxpayers be funding her

to swan off around the world trying to

launch her latest commercial project? It

is completely nuts. Completely nuts. But

Gouchi reports from my point of view

this is such a political issue you see

because I feel like this woke wet Labor

government under Shabbanam mood are

going to be browbeaten into doing this

and once again the public will be

ignored because the polling actually

shows 98%

98% of the public do not want to pay for

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's

security. If a prime minister, if a home

secretary, and if Lauren's suggestion is

right, the king

ignore their subjects, ignore their

people, ignore their voters when 98% of

us don't want something.

Seriously, there has to be a revolution,

right? [laughter]

>> That is the why why have they come back?

What is the real threat? What is the

real threat? I mean, if Harry is saying

that it's because he's a threat by the

Taliban, well, you know, blame your dad

for allowing the government to allow

hundreds of thousands of Afghanis and

terrorists into this country that have

been infiltrated for the last however

many decades, you know. So, I don't know

anyone that wants this couple here. I'm

not a royalist, you know. I feel sorry

for the children out of all of this. You

know that you've got two children here

that

>> Did you used to be a royalist? Has

something changed under King Charles or

have you always been against Monarch?

>> Um, look, not I've not always been

against the monarchy. I think they did

serve a purpose when we had Queen

Elizabeth. Um, but since that's changed,

we've obviously seen how King Charles

has had his head turned. Um, he's got

his head buried in the sand, what he's

done to the um, the Church of England,

how he's now the defender of the faiths

and not the defender of the faith. You

know, that doesn't sit well with a lot

of people that I speak to. Lauren has

even suggested he could be secretly

operating on behalf of Islamism.

>> Yeah. And I've questioned Qatari money

as well. I mean, I've I've had I've had

this conspiracy theory that why has he

left Buckingham and Palace after

spending over£300 million on it and then

decides that he's not going to live

there? How comes the Church of England

are the biggest land owners in in the

country, you know? And yet we can see

how the Church of England has been

infiltrated by left-wing ideology and it

all just ties in with that and the

Islamism and everything else. That's

that's just the theory that I've got in

my head. Um I've got no evidence or

clear evidence to back that up. But I

just feel that while he's at the helm I

mean you know that why would you I mean

you know he shouldn't be paying

obviously this they Harry and Megan

should be paying for this out of their

own money at the end of the day and I

don't think you know why should it come

out of taxpayers money. is just

absolutely abhorent. I mean 10 million

pound like Dave said, you know, that

goes that can go a long way to other

things. We could be stopping boats with

think with that type of money and yet at

the same time Nigel Farage got lambasted

for um the 5 million pound that he was

given or donated for lifetime security.

It just doesn't make sense. And it's all

just royal theater. The whole thing,

even with the setup, they're working

obviously handinhand with the mainstream

media to set up these these stage.

>> Totally. Totally. Now Laur

can can I just very briefly interrupt

here?

>> If if if um if if Ar and Megan are

getting Qatari money, that is serious

matter to be concerned about. That is

where the Muslim Brotherhood, the

terrorist Islamic group were based and

the Qataris fund the Muslim Brotherhood.

>> Well, of course. And we have no idea

what their funding is, which is which is

one of the the big issues with them

trying to be half in half out royals.

and they've now said that they won't

stick by the Sandreham summit. Lauren,

you wanted to come in.

>> Yeah. So, I would say remember this. I

think what will potentially happen

because we're looking at now the crown,

the king trying to go into damage

limitation mode. It's highly plausible

we will be spun a story that the king

will be covering these costs and will

reimburse the state. The

>> a bit like the Andrew Mountbenor

situation.

>> Yeah. And also it's like with with

Frogmore Cottage when we were told that

Harry and Megan were paying the 2.4

million pounds back. We don't have any

proof of this. Who is auditing the firm?

No one.

>> And we are told the king pays for Andrew

Mountbat and Windsor security. That's

what we're told. But you you're right.

How do we know that? Because the

government's line on security all the

time. The Home Office line is that we

don't comment on security. So, the

problem is at the moment all we're

hearing is the spin from Harry and

Megan. We're not we're not hearing the

truth. Now, Lauren, there was just

another issue with Megan I wanted to

pick up on because I was watching your

video yesterday and this one was quite

personal to you. Uh, so this was the

video that she went public with on being

in the UK and it featured

>> Oh, I think the cow is trolling me.

You're going to say about the song I was

furious, Dan.

>> Yeah. So, let me just I'll just set it

up before we watch the video. So, so

Lauren is the godaughter of the the late

great George Michael who was of course a

member of Wham. And Megan Markle decided

to use one of the most famous Wham

songs. We can't obviously listen to the

full song, but I'll just show you where

it came in. Lauren, watch this.

Come on. You

>> go.

>> And so at that point, Lauren, she plays

your godfather's song to sort of mark

the return. And you were not happy about

that choice. It

>> It's really funny. So many of my

insiders on my channel said, "I swear

she's watching the channel, Lauren.

She's trolling you." I just thought it

was a very weird choice of song. I don't

recall her ever using his music again uh

before. I mean, everything the woman has

to try and ruin everything. Like, back

off, Megan. Leave us to enjoy the

incredible music he left. Don't use it

for your grift. Go away. And what do you

make of the fact that she is now so

publicly revealing the location, Lauren?

So, everyone was briefed. If you dare,

if you dare suggest that she's at Ian

W's estate,

>> you're going to be putting all of us at

threat. And then she literally uses

clearly identifiable landmarks which

mean the paparazzi are now apparently

going to be staking out that property

because they know or at least they

assume that they're living there.

>> She actually reminds me sometimes of

Katie Price who I represented. And look,

Kate was she's a one-off. There's only

one Kate. But Kate knew what what the

value was that she was putting out. She

doesn't put things out just for an

Instagram or just for a tweet. There's

always an ulterior motive. She has got

the media wrapped around her finger.

Meghan Markle continues to sit there and

work out how she can get as much press

as possible. I spoke today in my episode

in the cut interview in 2022.

Megan spoke about how one of the hardest

things for her when she joined the royal

family was losing her autonomy and not

having freedom over her social media. I

mean, good grief, who puts that much

focus on social media? But the fact she

now uses it so proactively to try and

raise her currency using her children,

continuously offering up new images and

putting more information into the public

domain. Remember last year, I think it

was Harry was on a podcast where he

spoke about the dangers of children

being

>> Well, exactly. No, can I just play you

that because I think sometimes it's so

important to to bring the receipts and

show that Harry has done a total 180. He

wanted to make parents like you, Lauren,

feel guilty for sharing images of your

children. Even now, that's what they're

doing. Look,

>> parents can do whatever they want. Yeah.

>> The reality is from what I've learned,

what I've seen, what I've heard and

experienced through especially through

the parents network is

>> you should be really really worried,

concerned and cautious

>> about putting photographs of your kids

online,

>> especially now.

>> Yeah.

>> With this surge of unregulated AI, you

just don't know where it's going to go.

You don't know how it's going to be

used.

>> Yeah.

>> Um but that's also really sad. And now

there's parents watching this going,

"Well, how am I supposed to share

photographs of my kids with so- and so

on the other side of the world?" And

Lauren, what I would argue is that

actually by their freakish behavior, and

it is freakish, and I do believe it's

abusive, they are the ones that have put

a bounty on the heads of their children

with this weirdness, you know, the heart

on the face and the, you know, you can

still identify who they are, but they've

just been abnormal about it compared to

William and Catherine who last week took

Prince George to Eaton, released three

beautiful pictures. He was ca in front

of the cameras, Lauren, for 90 seconds.

And the result of that is he will now

get left alone by everyone for the next

five years because there is a tradeoff

if you're royalty.

>> Yeah. I mean, what what we have seen and

again I did predict this was Megan has

started to release I mean this is just

ridiculous but it's this is this is

getting inside her head. She's started

to release like a tiny bit more of the

children's faces each time. that woman

knows the value of using her children.

But this is so dangerous. I mean, uh,

when it comes to the censorship and the

child safety angles they push, I've

always said I don't believe a word

they're saying. They're pushing a

government agenda. They are pushing a

script from billionaires. They've worked

with the Aspen Institute. They are like

leeches next to billionaires that are

funding.

>> And aren't they going to the Clinton

Institute now? Well, can we also just

take a moment to talk about the little

grifter, Harry, that wants to tell us

what to do about child safety? He's at

the Clinton Gala. Reed Hoffman, who's

there, he was in the Epstein flight

logs. Bill Clinton, he was in the

Epstein flight logs and has a very, very

sketchy track record, but the media have

rehabilitated him time and time again.

Who else is there at the Clinton event?

Chrissy Tegan, the bully, the disgusting

woman that has ultimately encouraged

someone to take awful, awful action

against themselves to end their life. It

Harry and Megan

are absolutely awful. And for people

that think, you know what, I don't care

about them. It isn't political. The

reason it is political is because

they're protected by the Labor

government. All royals are political

assets, soft power assets. And what we

are seeing in real time is the Epstein

class continue to try and push policies,

try and masquerade on the world stage

under the banner of philanthropy that

they are doing good. No, they're not.

These parasitic elites want to shut down

shows like yours, Dan. They want to gag

people like me. And so actually we need

to look at the hypocrisy of someone like

Harry talking about child safety and

then going to hang out with people that

were in the Epstein.

>> Exactly. You couldn't make it up. You

couldn't make it up. Uh Jasmine, do you

actually believe that all of these

pictures are genuine because a lot of

people are saying we have just had the

hottest summer pretty much on record.

I've loved it. I know you're meant to be

up in arms about it these days. I've

loved it. I have loved the four heat

waves,

>> but the pictures released showed Harry

and Megan dressed up as if it was maybe

not the middle of winter, but certainly

autumn. And then there was this other

image of Harry on the boat and people

are saying, "Look, it doesn't even look

like him."

>> Do you think maybe they have used AI or

or standins and that's almost the

ultimate trick? like we h aha we think

we're showing you the children but

actually they're not

>> absolutely I mean it it's very easy to

use AI so easy and they have as Lauren

pointed out you know they have access to

all sorts of people who know very well

how to manipulate the media how to

manipulate people and AI is a marvelous

way of doing it and can I just at this

point as listening to your other guests

I was thinking about their foundation

the Archwell Foundation and how

untransparent that is. In America, you

only have to give 5%

of the funds in a charity. That's all

you have to give out. So, the other 95%

you can frankly do what you like with

it. Which of course is why people like

Bill Gates and um well, all all of the

billionaires, they have their charitable

charitable foundations which are just,

you know, tax writeoffs. That's all it

is. Tax.

>> Yeah. I think we're going to hear a lot

more about the Invictus Games

>> in the coming months. And the Invictus

Games is really now just a publicity

vehicle for Prince Harry. That is it.

Dan Won outspoken is your no spin, no

bias, no censive outlet for independent

news. We have no big tech backing or

billionaires pulling my [music] strings.

But that does mean I need your support.

So, please hit subscribe on YouTube,

turn on the notification bell, and

subscribe to Dan Morton Outspoken on

Spotify or Apple Podcasts. It's totally

free, but allows me to continue my

promise to always keep fighting for you.


