Harry and Megan thinks they're going to
get some kind of increased security.
Now, I'm no great security expert, but
taking photographs of yourself next to
landmarks easily recognizable from space
seems to be an unusual way of going
about preserving your geographical
anonymity.
>> It is obvious to even an idiot like me
exactly where they are. And it feels
like they're saying to the media, I
double dare you to say where we are
because then we definitely have to get
security. Or even just, I dare you not
to give us security because listen,
everyone knows where we are now. Oh no.
>> It does seem like they are creating
security risks deliberately to bolster
the argument that they want armed
security the whole time. I mean, it's
almost unimaginable.
Well, hello everybody and welcome to
today's episode of The Royalist. I'm Tom
Sykes and I'm here to bring you all the
royal gossip, scoops, and scandal you
can handle. It's been another completely
mad week in royal news. Absolutely
insane. And we've got a cracking show
for you today. A new story that starts
under the floorboards of Buckingham
Palace. Two fabulous guests. one on a
story that has the palace really rattled
and one on a story that has the internet
asking a very simple question of a
certain duchess. It's going to be a
brilliant discussion. It's great to have
everyone here. It's great to have you
here. Thanks as ever to Alexandra who
does the door and looks after all of our
members. She makes the tea and all that
kind of important stuff. Thank you to
everybody for the comments, the
messages, and the support this and every
week. Please keep them coming. I promise
you we read them all. I read them all.
I'm trying to be here in the comments
myself. It's uh one of my favorite hours
of the week, I have to say. And folks, a
bit of very important news for our
members of our YouTube channel. If you
have paid to become a paid member, a
king or a corsier of the channel, we are
very very excited to let you know that I
am doing my first ever membersonly event
this Friday. It's going to be an ask me
anything. You can post your questions
here in the comments now, or even
better, post them live in the chat on
Friday. It's going to be going out at
100 p.m. New York time, 6:00 p.m. UK
time. And we're really looking forward
to it, and we hope as many as you as
possible can join us there. And it's
going to be hopefully uh Tech Gremlins
allowing co-streamed to Substack and the
YouTube at the same time. So, just a a
reminder to reiterate, if you are a
Substack subscriber, you don't need to
join the YouTube channel. If you are a
YouTube subscriber, you don't need to
join the Substack channel to participate
in our first ever membersonly event, the
Royalist Ask Me Anything. Right, without
further ado, it is time for the Royal
Rundown.
First, the royal news update and I am
going under the floorboards of
Buckingham Palace where the 369
million pound decadel long renovation is
finally nearing completion and the
builders have found all sorts down
there. Boots, betting slips, silk cut,
and best of all, the late queen's typed
plan for working a room full of
diplomats. I'll be going through the
lot. Second tea with Tom. The one and
only Paula Frolic joins me to discuss
the extraordinary story of Angela Kelly,
the late Queen's dresser, confidant, and
gatekeeper. The woman the queen herself
called her best friend who has
reportedly signed up for a documentary
about her 28 years inside the royal
machine. The woman who knows everything
might be about to say something. And
third, it's our royal insider. And I am
just thrilled to have the legendary
Allison Boschoff of the Daily Mail on
with me talking about Megan's
extraordinary video that she posted this
weekend. Her first from the United
Kingdom. Archie on a bike, Lilia by the
fire, everybody fishing on a lake, the
dog, the deer, the lot. charming, but
also to anyone who knows the area, a
very clear indication of exactly where
they are. For a couple who've spent six
years telling us their security is a
matter of life and death, Allison and I
will be getting into why Megan has now
decided to dox herself.
Okay, folks, without further ado, it's
time for the Royal News Update.
>> [music]
>> Today I'm going under the floorboards of
Buckingham Palace in my search for a
story. Yes, the £369
million renovation of Buckingham Palace
is finally nearing completion and the
builders have found all sorts when they
were pulling up the floorboards and
sorting out the asbestos, including
hobnail boots, betting slips, an 89 copy
of the evening standard when I was just
a cub reporter back in those days. A
silk cut packet. Interestingly, Princess
Anne's favorite brand back in the day. I
wonder, was it one of hers? Oh,
mommy's coming. Shove it under the
boards. And best of all, the late
queen's typed plan for working a room
full of diplomats. So, I'm going to go
through a lot of it today. So, you know
this feeling, right? You're decorating,
you lift the carpet, you pull up a
board, and there's an old newspaper down
there, isn't there? and you get totally
distracted and you end up sitting on the
floor reading it for an hour. Well, it
turns out that happened on a rather
different scale uh during the
renovations of Buckingham Palace. So,
quick recap for anyone who hasn't been
following this story. The palace has
been undergoing a 10year refurbishment
paid for through uh what was supposed to
be a temporary hike in the sovereign
grant. Whether it'll truly turn out to
be temporary, who knows? uh might be
rather like the extended period that
Harry and Megan are coming back to the
UK for. It's been a colossal job. Miles
of ancient wiring, the vulcanized Indian
rubber cabling was the first thing out
because it was thing most likely to burn
the place down. Lead pipes, boilers that
hadn't been touched in 60 years,
churning out carbon monoxide, asbestos,
the works, tons and tons of stuff
totally toxic. All now finally nearly
done. And the whole thing's due to be
completed in March and the builders in
the course of ripping the place apart
have been finding things and the palace
has now put out some lovely photographs
and a list of what has turned up under
the floorboards and I'm going to say
that it's the most entertaining royal
press release of the year. So they found
a pair of battered black hobnail boots,
not wellies, you know, proper
old-fashioned working hobnail boots
thought to belong to a member of staff
decades ago. I mean, why somebody took
their boots off and abandoned them under
the floor of Buckingham Palace, nobody
knows, but I suspect that therein lies a
tale. Um, a newspaper cutting from the
Evening Standard. Uh, my uh old paper,
as it happens, although this one's from
1889, a West End theater listings. Yes.
So, 137 years ago, somebody at the
palace was checking what was on and then
presumably dropped it down a gap in the
boards. a ticket for a wist drive. West
uh sort of version of um rummy I think
run by the Buckingham Palace social club
on April the 14th, 1949.
Uh and uh a blank Littlewoods football
pools coupon from 1957. So the football
pools were like sort of form of gambling
basically where you try and predict
which clubs would have a score draw and
if you got a score draw and you pick
them and that was called the pools. a
sort of gray area gambling, not really
gambling, lotto type thing. Anyway, put
tankered faded box containing Christmas
cards, fragments of tiles, pages of the
Daily Express with pictures of Durham
prison where the great train robbers
were being held. Um, I'd definitely have
sat on the floor and read that one, I
have to say. But I do like this. This is
a type sheet headed the procedure for
the evening reception for the members of
the diplomatic corps at Buckingham
Palace on the 17th of November 1977.
Silver Jubilee. Yeah, I know you are
noticing it was the queen's own battle
plan for the diplomatic reception. It
says that the queen will work the room
in a clockwise direction. instructs the
350 guests to be distributed throughout
the state rooms except the music room in
the west gallery and says they should be
encouraged to talk to the diplomats. In
other words, the courtes were being told
to make sure that they mingled and
didn't just stand in a huddle by the
bar. Now, if you've read Robert
Hardman's book, you'll know the queen
had an entire science to this. She liked
her guests arranged in horseshoe shaped
clusters open at one end so she could
step in, be introduced, say hello to
everybody and step out again without
getting trapped so nobody could block
the exit. And this sheet of paper is a
early iteration of that system in
action. Well, one footnote, when the
place is finished, Charles and Camila
are not going to live there. Nope.
They're staying at Clarence House and
the palace is going to be opened up to
the public to earn its keep. Of course,
one person who uh has been offered an
apartment there and I suspect will be
offered an apartment there if he needs
to stay overnight is Harry and Megan and
their family. Yes, of course. Everything
comes back to Harry and Megan, doesn't
it? So, I'm sure the British people
would be delighted to know that they
have spent £369
million
renovating Harry and Megan's new home.
Right. Well, that's the royal news
update, folks. Moving on, it's time for
tea with Tom.
I am delighted to say [music] that I am
joined by the legendary mistress of
gossip, none other than my old friend,
the fearless, the fabulous Frolic, Paula
Frolic. Welcome to the Royal List.
>> You are the best height man ever, Tom,
and I thank you. I would never not come
on the royal list. I've got the date in
my book forever. [snorts]
>> Paula, who was Angela Kelly? Why does
her story matter? And why does the news
that she is potentially co going to
cooperate with the makers of a film
about her life? Why is it causing
disquire behind palace walls?
>> Okay, so Angela Kelly is one of the most
fascinating people ever, ever in my book
to have stepped into the palace. She
started off as a dresser for the queen
and became actually her best friend and
almost like a sister. She was with her
247
especially towards the end of her life.
And what's most unique about it is that
the majority actually almost all of
Queen Elizabeth's friends were from the
aristocracy. They were other royals.
They were family. And Angela Kelly was
from Liverpool. and of the lower
classes, if you will. And somehow she
magically ended up working for the queen
and was such a straight shooter, good
person. The queen was like, "You'll be
with me forever." I mean, I think one of
my favorite photos is of Angela Kelly
and the queen sitting with Anna Wintor
and I believe a fashion week, which I'll
just never get over. There was an
amazing interview. The only interview
that Angela has done since the Queen's
death was with Katy Nickel of Vanity
Fair and it had this amazing detail of
her saying how they would dance to
dancing queen when they were getting
getting kitted up and all of that and
how she wore in her shoes, how she wore
her pearls to stop them from saying I
I'm not a pearl wearer myself, but
apparently they corrode if you don't
wear them regularly.
>> They do, in fact. But you know what's so
funny about it, Tom, is that there was a
lot of jealousy and animosity towards
Angela because a jealousy. She was the
closest person to the queen, whereas
other people wanted to get closer and be
closer and she was regarded as the
queen's gatekeeper whether she wanted to
be or not. You know, it's never been
actually put out there that perhaps the
queen wanted her to actually guard the
door and just say, "No, don't let them."
And I cannot deal with that, especially
when it came to I don't know certain
troublesome members of the family. And
as you've reported so brilliantly about
how she was she was so interesting and
people were so jealous of her that
they've actually unfortunately cut her
out of the queen's story. They didn't
invite her to any of the major events
honoring the queen. And in fact, after
the queen died, she had a grace in favor
house and was given almost 24 hours to
get out.
>> Yeah. I mean, the list of slights um
directed at Angela Kelly is
extraordinary. I mean, most notably that
she obviously
arranged a lot of the the queen's uh
dresses for the last 20, 30 years of her
life and was not invited to cooperate,
collaborate, or even attend the official
opening of that big exhibition of the
Queen's Dress. I mean, it's absolutely
astonishing the way she was treated.
Part of the reason I am told Paula and
you're going to like this. This is a
what we what we know page six is a tasty
tickbit. Part of the reason why they all
hated her so much was because from the
beginning of the COVID pandemic in 2020,
she basically gave up her private life
to move in with the queen and be the the
consistent member of this thing called
HMS bubble, right? which was this very
clever term that the Lord Chamberlain at
the time who wasn't Lord Benyan but was
someone else um came up with to sell the
idea um that they were going to be
sequestered to Prince Phillip because
they knew that Prince Phillip loved a
naval analogy and HMS means her
majesty's ship I think um so any ship is
called HMS this HMS that so he said oh
so we've got this marvelous idea we're
going to set up HMS bubble and it's
going to like being on a submarine, you
know, with 3 weeks on and 3 weeks off
and blah blah blah. Well, Angra just
said, "That's fine, but I'm going to
join HMS Bubble, but I'm joining it
full-time." So, she literally gave up
contact with her family um to be by the
Queen and Prince Phillips side for for
for the last six years of the Queen's
life. And I am told the tasty tidbit
coming up that she was not shy on
completely balling out members of the
family who she believed
were not prepared to adhere to COVID
rules in order to spend time with the
queen and just said, "Oh, I'm terribly
sorry, Granny, but we can't come over."
Or, "Mom, I'm terribly sorry, but we
can't come over because we've seen
somebody a week ago." and she was like,
"It's absolutely outrageous. You need to
isolate properly before you come over."
Say, "It's a completely sterile. This is
the head of state. This is the queen and
you need to show your respect and you
need to organize a roster and you need
to come over and you need to see her."
And I'm told also, fascinatingly, that
she actually has a bit of a soft spot
for Prince Andrew, former Prince Andrew.
Boy, because he did go and see the Queen
during that time, largely because I'm
not sure he had anywhere else to go.
>> Probably true. I [laughter] mean, it's
not like he was the most popular member
of the family, but you know, and we all
have to remember the COVID days, don't
we? When it was don't, you know, it was
literally in the states at least, don't
kill granny. Don't kill granny. Keep her
alive. And it was very selfish of
certain people. I have family members
who are like, nope, we're just gonna act
like it's normal. And so you're right,
she was kind of the dragon at the gate,
but there needed to be one because
clearly there wasn't really one steady
dragon. Otherwise, if she had gone for 3
weeks, somebody else might have let them
in and the queen, god forbid, would have
gotten co. So she really did not care.
She said, "No, I am protecting this
person." And she took her duties very
seriously. Now, of course, we also know
Angela Kelly because of the book Spare,
which uh that Pulitzer Prizewinning
novel, it by Harry, which was so
amazing. And he was very upset that
Angela Kelly would not let Megan
practice with the tiara of her choice
because Angela, rightfully so, was like,
"These are crown jewels. You don't just
let them out the door willy-nilly. They
go out with guards. We need to know
where they are at all times. And BT
Dubs, Catherine practiced with a plastic
tiara. Of course, that led to Harry
screaming, "What Megan wants, Megan
gets." And the queen had to step in and
say, "Knock it off." Not quite in those
terms, but I'm paraphrasing obviously,
but they did treat her quite horribly.
And also remember when Harry was living
in the states and he said, "I have to go
see granny. Make sure the right people
are around her." I think we all know who
he was talking about.
>> And it was interesting in Tiara Gate
that the queen took Angela Kelly's side,
didn't she?
>> Well, of course she did. I mean, I I
think at that point, everyone, you know,
the bullying uh scandal was brewing, if
you will. There had already been people
quitting the Sussex's employee,
obviously members of the household talk,
and so they were already going, "Uhoh,
this is going to be a problem." And
Harry was a real pain in the you know
what during these wedding preparations.
In a way, it is my feeling in my
opinion. Harry had the uh he had the
problem of being the spare. It's the
same thing you saw with the Duke of
Windsor when he became the spare. He
wanted his wife treated just like his
brother's wife who just so happened to
be the queen. Harry wanted his wife
treated just like Katherine, Princess of
Wales, but you know, it wasn't like that
also because Katherine behaved better
and knew how to behave and knew how to
treat staff, if you will. I think what
where I feel the story really cut
through with people though was her
treatment after the queen's death. And I
I think it's important to point out that
Angela Kelly's um look, everybody who
works for the queen or the king, they
understand that when there is a change
of reign, right, they're out of a job.
They do understand that and that is part
of the contract of going in. But there
are ways of doing it and there are ways
of not doing it. And there is almost
unilateral agreement that the staff of
her majesty Queen Elizabeth II were
treated very very very disrespectfully
after her death. Most of them were given
their unemployment notices before the
funeral of Queen Elizabeth II had taken
place. Um which seemed undue haste to
many. But the case of Angela Kelly
looked particularly vindictive. Locks
were changed the next day. Um she was uh
asked to vacate a house, a very nice
house in Windsor Great Park that had
been very clearly understood was hers
for life. She was given an alternative
house in the north near her family. Uh
she seems pretty happy with the deal
overall. She's never, as we say, said
anything about it, but you only have to
look at those two houses to realize
which one you'd rather live in. And the
the reality is her phone was cut off I
think within like 5 days and she had to
go to Instagram to say if you you know
to her friends if you want to call me
like I've got a new number. Um it was
really really shocking the way she was
treated wasn't it? And and what was so
interesting was that she didn't say
anything about it other than that one
Instagram post. She's completely held
her peace. But now, according to this
Daily Mail report, part of the reason
she feels emboldened to tell her story
is guess what? Because Harry has broken
the terms of the Sandringham Summit
without so much as a slap on the wrist.
And this, Paula, I think is the long
tale of what is coming for Charles
allowing this complete breakdown of
discipline within the royal family. this
complete slipping of the bounds of
collective responsibility. Well, if
Harry can do it and get away with it,
what's the king going to do to me? Is he
going to take me to court and sue me?
No, I don't think he is. I don't think
he's going to do a blasted thing. So,
I'm going to go ahead and do what I
want. I mean, you can see why people
would start to think like that. After
the unbelievable leniency, he's meed out
to this son who said that the
institution was racist, that it was
cruel, that he was at risk of dying if
if he stayed in it, that um Katherine
wouldn't even lend him a lip gloss, that
they were chopped up and thrown into the
water as chum to distract the sharks. I
mean, the the breakdown in discipline
under Charles, there's no way he's going
to be able to control people like Angela
Kelly for the rest of his reign. Is
there really?
>> No. But I will say I think the bright
spot is several things. People are, you
know, people have always pointed out to
me when I bring this up, she signed an
NDA. However, senior palace courters
allowed her to write three books. She
has only written two. Now, this is a
docu drama docu series, okay? So, it's
different than a book, but she's not
allowed to use the word king or palace.
And I also don't know if she would go
directly against King Charles because
that would go against what the queen
wanted. And she is still very, very
loyal to the queen. Harry and Megan, I
think, are very different. And I think
that even if she doesn't go directly and
mention them by name, there will be lots
of illusions to it, if you will, and
lots of talk of perhaps what happened in
the Queen's final years, because we all
know that's all anyone wants to hear
about. And in order for a docu series to
sell,
you got to mention it somehow. And also,
by the way, I would like to point out
Harry and Megan no longer being royal,
they're fair game.
>> Paula Frolic, thank you very much for
joining Royal Estate. It's been a great
pleasure, as always, to have you on
here. If you want more Paula Frolic in
your life, which you do, you can find
Paula on her NewsNation show. You can
find her on her YouTube show, which is
called Paul Frolic Uncensored. And
[clears throat] you can find her on her
Substack of the same name, Paula Frolic
Uncensored. Paula, did I get all of that
correct?
>> You did, friend. I just would like to
add every night I do the daily BS, which
on Tuesdays, every night it's at 5:30,
but on Tuesdays it's at 5:45 or 6:00 so
that everyone can come after they hung
out with you, Tom, cuz you're the bomb.
>> Thanks so much, Paula. We love you.
>> Love you. And now it's time for our
royal insider. [music]
This week I am thrilled to tell you we
have none other than the wonderful, the
legendary males showbiz editor Allison
Bushoff. Allison, welcome back to the
show.
>> Hi Tom. Lovely to be here.
>> Thanks so much for coming back. I was
due to speak to Allison on Saturday, but
I messed up my timings. And uh so
instead, we've got her for today, which
I'm absolutely thrilled about because,
as you know, on the Royalists official
podcast, we like to bring you the best
guests and the greatest gossip. And
Allison is uh well, she ticks both of
those boxes. Allison, the story that you
wrote at the weekend, it was amazing. I
mean, okay, now admittedly, it is
Harry's perspective. [laughter]
like it's his truth, right? Bae thinks
he's going to be let back in to the
royal family. He thinks they they're
begging for him. He thinks they need
him. He thinks they need the glitz and
the glamour, you know, and they need a
bit of the hbomb back in their lives. I
mean, is the man so utterly deluded or
is he actually on to something? And do
you think that the king ultimately we
will see Harry back on the balcony?
>> It is amazing to to hear it. Um it was
actually came to me from someone who
wasn't particularly a friend of Harry's
but who knows him very well and [snorts]
just said that for you know some time
this has been his view is that he will
come back when he's when he wants to
come back and that they need him. Um I
think we can see I mean it partly it's
what you're used to. If you've been
raised and everyone's always been saying
how marvelous you are, Tom, this isn't
something you and I have actually had to
struggle with. But, you know, if if if
you've been raised in that world where
everyone's just like, "Gosh, darling,
you're so fantastic." Then perhaps it
makes it easier for you to believe it.
We know that Harry believes this is true
of Megan. We know that Harry thinks that
Megan is better at being royal than
anybody else and that that's why they
had to clip her wings because she was so
jolly fantastic at it that everyone was
kind of jealous of them. So he really
has a very very high regard for um his
uh pulling power and his power as a a
royal figure. Um and then I think you
have to also ask yourself as you alluded
to there but why does he think this? Um
who's let him think this? And I think
there's been mood music from the palace
which is oh we're weary and weary this
pair never stopped lying. It's always oh
sigh you know we can't d we got to deal
with this this lot again. But then I
don't think that's what the moo music is
from the king because if you look at um
what he has done I think he is tacitly
giving some tacitly or or or fully
giving some kind of support or
encouragement to Harry to come back some
kind of belief that he actually can come
back. Maybe the king believes that unity
is more important. You know it doesn't
look great if you had to cast a brother
out and also you're on no speaks with
your son. That's not brilliant optics is
it as a head of the family. Um, so maybe
he thinks unity is good and maybe also
he feels guilty about, you know, what
Harry complained about in spare, you
know, Harry's emotional landscape after
his mother's death. Did his father help
him with that? No. Did his father go
right ahead and do as he pleased and get
married to Kima even though Harry and
William didn't want him to? Yes, he
jolly well did. You know, maybe the king
is now trying to even even it up a bit
and to give Harry a break and think, you
know, he's on his uppers. This poor lad.
Let's have him back.
>> It's it's fascinating because to to hear
you talking about that because it's
something that I've been reporting for
quite a long while about this split at
court between the Hawks and the Doves.
And the Hawks were sort of thought to be
led by Clive Alderton. And the Doves
were kind of thought to be led by the
King embodied by Theo Ryfraftoft,
Clive's deputy. And that that was
certainly the the intel that I was
getting. I was reporting this long
before Clive quit or announced he was
quitting. um which seemed to me very
clearly a reaction to Harry saying that
he was coming home and Clive really it's
the ultimate thing as a private
secretary ultimately all you do if you
think that your principal is doing
completely the wrong thing all you can
do is say well I'm sorry terribly sorry
sir but I you know I can't stand over
this but the the what fascinated me
about your story is that
you you very much explored this similar
themes to this because for example you
had one person saying Um it it feels
like a nonsense uh in in the in
you know associated a source of yours
associated with with the king saying it
feels like a nonsense and and that's the
kind of question isn't it? I mean it
does feel to so many people like a
nonsense and yet the king appears to be
enabling it. And I tell you a really
fascinating one Allison. Right. So a
friend of mine was at Royal Ascuit which
the the first day or the second I think
it was the first day was right after the
first reports that they were going to
come back just in the summer during when
they were just coming back for the
family. And the hawk who was with
Charles that day, the person who was
with Charles is a well-known hawk and
was livid and was telling everybody who
would listen that um it was emotional
blackmail and this phrase that we keep
hearing that that you have have heard as
well. I mean, how real is it this split
between the hawks and the doves? And
have the doves won? I mean, is it time
for the Hawks to pack up and go home and
go and find a job in the city?
[laughter]
>> Yeah, I'm not the right person when it
comes to uh the internal workings of the
palace. You're the absolute expert
there. What I you know what I can tell
you about is, you know, the Harry side
and what he's thinking and feeling and
and how he's being encouraged. I would
agree with you from my limited
experience, there are two very different
factions at the palace and that is
certainly going on. But I think what I
think you have to walk it back further
than that because everyone thinks that
the Sandringham agreement was brilliant.
Wasn't the Queen Wise? How fantastic.
Actually, I think now from a 2026
perspective, it doesn't work. It is
nonsense. It worked when they were in
California if they were going to mostly
be doing stuff that's not royal stuff.
But in a world in which these guys are
going on foreign tours, acting as
royals, and then back in the UK, it just
doesn't make sense. and for San is just
it's it seems to be it's like a a kind
of fig leaf and it just is nonsense that
these people act as royals but because
they're not working royals and they're
not paid by the royal family then it
just I mean honestly it doesn't make
sense.
>> Yeah. I mean I would argue that they've
actually completely repudiated the
Sandringham summit and have done so
really without any consequences. But
that that might be a slightly different
argument. But you do have a source
saying they're assuming the king would
change his mind about sticking to the
Sandringham summit rather than holding
the line. So again, let's be clear. The
context of this is what friends of Harry
are telling Allison about what Harry
thinks. We're not saying that this is
necessarily correct or that it's right
or that anyone endorses it. But it's
very very interesting that Harry from
your reporting seems to think that he's
going to be able to get round the fine
detail of the Sandreham summit. Frankly,
>> yeah, I know and it does make sense of
why he was clearly so utterly furious
about that Benyan letter earlier in the
week earlier last week which just
reiterated the Sandreingham agreement.
And he was furious about it. Plainly
furious about it, you know, trying to
get his team to clarify before it went
out and they didn't have enough time.
And then he was furious because he
thought, well, I should have been
consulted on this. Well, why should you
be consulted on it? Well, you might
think that you should be consulted on
it. If you actually have an agreement
that you're going to come back and you
think you're being supported, then you
would feel furious about it. So then it
all makes sense, you know. So yeah, make
it make sense. I think he I honestly
think he is on some kind of a promise
here.
>> And interesting to note that Uganda has
now rejoined the Invictus Games after a
personal phone call between uh the son
of the president of Uganda and Sir Clive
Alderson. Oh, to have had a phone tap on
that line. I'd love to hear the
conversation. Uh anyway, um the you the
other thing you say is that a friend of
Harry says he thinks he's going to get
some kind of increased security.
>> Yes. He's very optimistic about that.
>> He's very optimistic. And it brings us
back to it brings us to the events of
this weekend which we really have to
talk about, don't we, Allison? Now, it
looked to me like, now I don't know, now
I'm no great security expert, but as I
understand it, taking photographs of
yourself next to landmarks easily
recognizable from space seems to be an
unusual way of going about preserving
your geographical anonymity. Would would
you say it? talk us through what
happened at the weekend just for people
who haven't followed the story and then
tell us what you think it tells us about
where these guys heads are at. Yeah, I
mean, you know, Homer Simpson would go,
but would he is it actually a kind of
brilliant piece of it's kind of I'm
going to call it the Harry Sledgehammer
because I he does have this which is
that he announces something and says
everyone's thrilled about it and then
wait for everyone to be thrilled about
it. And you know, and this is I it feels
like a kind of you know when you're a
kid and you play I double dare you. It's
like he's posting,
sorry, Megan is posting Instagram videos
of them and their lovely new life in the
UK and it is obvious to even an idiot
like me exactly where they are, which
we're not going to say. And it feels
like they're saying to the media, I
double dare you to say, double dare you
to say where we are because then we
definitely have to get security, right?
Because then you make it much worse. Or
even just the sec, I dare you not to
give us security cuz listen, everyone
knows where we are now. Oh no. Oh dear
me. It does feel really deliberate. It
does feel like they're trying to bounce.
But then my So my uh source last week
said that Harry is really pretty
confident that he's going to get
improved security. Not that he's going
to get full 24-hour blah blah blah, but
he is really confident is going to be
improved and soon like this week, next
week. I mean it's coming.
>> But it's fascinating, isn't it? Because
I mean one of the remarkable features of
this story over the past 5 years has
been Harry's consistent confidence that
he's about to get his security um
improved and the other on the other side
the the remarkable persistence of uh the
RACK committee of saying
>> I wish it doesn't happen. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Sorry guys. Uh a um you're not
eligible. B we've got nine prime
ministers to worry about and c we've got
no money and no policemen anyway. So
even if we wanted to give it to you, we
couldn't. Um, and it but I tell you what
it I and I sort of agree with you. I
think it I I think it's a bit ridiculous
to say, "Oh, they just didn't realize
that anyone was going to like geollocate
this lake and this bridge and this farm
track." Like, they're just so obvious.
Yeah, it's all over social media. As you
say, I'm not in the business of doxing
Megan, but it seems bizarre that she
doxed herself.
>> Well, yes. I mean it really looks like
and you know we have to be careful
because all we can deal with you know is
observable facts and things people tell
us. Um so I don't know what's in
someone's heart and we always see we
would always do you know caveat it that
way. I don't know quite what the
motivation was and sometimes people do
things and they don't even realize
themselves why this idea is so appealing
you know. Um, so maybe their instincts
are leading them, but they're certainly
leading them into a place where it's
going to be very freaking awkward if
they don't get security because they
have really, you know, painted a target
on their backs and, you know, and the
kids are, you know, going to school
every day. So there's a school run, you
know, and and we we go no further than
that because you we have to be
responsible. But this is, you know, this
is exactly what you don't want to do. My
um uh uh relation by marriage was a
close protection officer and he used to
really hate the people who would
wouldn't alter their roots. They went
jogging around High Park [laughter] and
that sort of thing because then it made
made it more dangerous for them. Um so
you know and he looked after all kinds
of people including like Salman Rashy
during the fat war and stuff. So, you
know, and they and this was and what
they hated was people who didn't follow
advice because you're like, "Okay, if
you've got a routine, we've got to chop
it up enough so to be able to keep you
safe." So, it has to be a partnership.
And this is a partnership they're going
to go into, of course, from a position
that Harry's been suing and mising over
it for five years. Um, and he's so
ungracious and sulky and victimy about
the whole thing. So, you know, good luck
to all of those people as and when it
happens.
>> Yes. And important to note that we did
contact uh Harry's office for comment.
Obviously, they didn't want to comment
on the record on security stuff because
who would do a darth thing like that? Um
but uh sources close to Harry um did
make it clear that they were utterly
astonished that I had been able to
geollocate the identity uh the location
of the videos that were taken within
about 45 seconds of them coming out. and
so uh has the rest of the internet. Um I
would argue that the photo the video
that was posted at the weekend on
Megan's Instagram account showing the
kids with their muddy wellies splashing
in the puddles, the liies cycling down a
pathway, everybody out fishing. To me,
it just felt like your classic Instagram
gloat boast. We are perfect. We're
living a wonderful life. Our kids aren't
sitting inside watching Roblox like your
kids. We're out fishing and having a
perfect life and everything's working
absolutely brilliantly. And to me, it
felt like a very naked piece of PR using
the children to send that message. It's
something that I have talked about
before. I don't have strong opinions.
You want to put your kids on social
media and knock yourself out, be my
guest. But please then don't go to the
World Health Organization and lecture me
about the evilness of these
organizations, the evilness of the
algorithms and how they exploit and warp
children's minds. How it's run by evil
people farming children to turn them
into products and commodities. If you
are then going to embed your whole
business and your whole PR strategy
within that very ecosystem, please,
please, please spare me the hypocrisy
cuz it's complete and utter nonsense.
Allison, the other thing that occurred
to me about this, I suddenly I suddenly
saw that I killed 25 members of the
Taliban in a slightly different light.
And I suddenly saw it in the light of,
you know, I hate to sound like a
conspiracy theorist, but and it seems an
almost unbelievably stupid thing to do,
but it does seem like they are creating
security risks deliberately to bolster
the argument that they want armed
security the whole time. I mean, it's
almost unimaginable, isn't it? But am I
completely bonkers to be thinking that?
Have you thought that? Has it crossed
your mind? It hadn't until you said it
and I mean it's a cynical take but I
mean you know you did I did think when
when I read it I thought can he be that
stupid and you think well he would have
been advised
you know as a royal on the front line
never to disclose this information
someone would have said to him never
disclose that information never because
it it makes you a target. So either he's
really thick and has forgotten getting
that advice or he remembers getting that
advice perfectly well and it's it has
been you know a part of that that
amazing hand of cards that he's playing
which is a very interesting thought
>> and and not to mention you know the
military background of of not just his
staff but himself I mean you know when
you as you will know Allison from all
your war reporting that you've done um
when you're embedded
with the army and you try and you try
and post a picture from the front line
of Helmland where with your flack jacket
on. Um they are very strict about like
are there any landmarks? Is there
anything that could identify you? You
know, blah blah blah blah. And it just
seemed bizarre to me like that that lake
and the bridge and also that track like
running down. It was a really really
distinctive track with these two kind of
parallel concrete paths where the big
tractor wheels go and a grass verge in
the middle which is a kind of trendy
it's a kind of trendy reing thing that
people do now. Oh, we're not going to
concrete the whole thing. We're going to
leave the central strip for pollinators
or whatever. But it it's really unusual
because it's dead straight but it's
going through very beautiful parkland.
So, you know, it it's so easily
identifiable and I'm just like, guys,
why
why are you you know what? If you try
and think about it sensibly that, as you
say, there there's two explanations.
either they want people to know where
they are and it's dare you double dare
you or which I don't discount because
you and I have both spoken to people who
work who've worked for them. They just
refuse to take any advice.
>> Yeah, it could be because they they are
very very very bad at taking advice and
they hire good people and they then they
don't listen to them. So yes, it's it's
you know it's possible and you know
maybe it's been an embarrassing week you
know and the one thing that neither of
them can stand is to feel embarrassed.
So you know I'm sure that Megan in
particular really wanted to um start to
be admired again. She really lives for
being admired. So um I think that's her
entire psychological key. So, I think
you know it was time to get a bit of a
bit of a top up on the admiration and
the way to do that is to post a video.
One other thing that I thought about
this when I was looking at it was we
know there's been conflict between Harry
and Megan about how much the kids should
be featured on the social media and like
my impression was that this has actually
at points become a fairly serious
argument between the couple and that
Harry as I was told by um a a source at
one stage know that his attitude is much
more gosh I just burn the whole thing to
the ground to hell of the consequences.
We're never going on it again. They're
all evil. Let's, you know, get rid of
them all completely. Whereas Megan is,
you know, uh, much more like, uh, hang
on a sec. This is really important to
promote me and my business and, you
know, the long-term project and the kids
are staying on the kids are staying on
our social media feeds and we're not
going to show their faces and blah blah
blah blah. I mean, I've long made the
point that not pro protecting someone's
um uh visual image is a very different
thing to protecting their narrative
privacy if if you know what I mean. But
but let's not get distracted by that
because you I think have done some
reporting about how there had been this
disagreement between them about putting
the kids on social media. I mean, does
this show us that maybe, you know, it's
not all settled? Because it looked for a
while like the kids were off social
media, didn't they? I mean, we haven't
seen them for a while, but now are they
going to be back on? Is this just going
to be Monteito Redux and we're just
going to go back to the same thing of
sneak peeks of the kids? Quarter a face
here, half a face here, me on a boat, me
and blah blah blah, me at another lovely
place. I mean it it something happened
this spring definitely because um
between sort of January and May they
were really missing an action the kids
and they weren't part of anything and
actually we didn't hardly saw anything
of Harry either. Um and now um Megan is
back in control and you know as you say
she did that wardrobe selfie before
going off to the WHO. I mean incredible
hypocrisy but there we go. Um, and you
know, her uh dump of summer photos, you
know, me and H laughing away behind our
hands, but also the kids and the kids
front and center and the kids are and
have become an integral part of the way
that she sells herself because she's
selling herself as a mother and a as a
homemaker. You can't really sell
yourself. Well, you can. Martha Stewart
doesn't sell any part of her hero, you
know, her home team. Um, but the way
that Megan chooses to do it is to sell
herself as a homemakers. You've got to
include the kids, otherwise it doesn't
make sense. And this is true. You know,
a lot of uh influencers in that space
will use their kids, you know, here they
are helping me stir the cookie mix or
whatever it is, you know. Um, it's just
it's absolutely part of the course in
that world. I mean, interestingly, the
two most successful proponents don't do
it at all, which is Martha Stewart and
Gwyneth Peltus. It doesn't actually come
with the territory necessarily, but the
way that Megan plays the game, the kids
are in the picture.
>> Well, Allison Boschoff, it's been a
great pleasure to have you here.
Allison, if you want to read an really,
really fun book, you have to read
Allison's book about the Beckhams. It's
called Brand Beckham, and it is
unpredable.
It is jaw-dropping and gobsmacking, and
uh you you absolutely have to read it.
It's so good. Allison, we're so grateful
to have you on the Royal List. The fans
love you. Uh we love you and uh thank
you so much for coming on the Royalist
today.
>> You're so welcome. Lovely to see you,
Tom.
>> Right. Well, all good things must come
to an end. And that's it for today,
everybody. So, thank you very much to
everyone for watching, for the
questions, and for the comments and the
live chat. I mean, I'm assuming there's
been a great live chat because there
always is. So, an enormous thank you, of
course, to Paula Frolic as always and to
Allison Boschoff for giving the Royalist
their time today. Do go and follow both
of them. The links to their work are
down below in the description along with
everything else we've mentioned on the
show. A massive thank you as always to
our remarkable producer Rachel Passa for
making the whole thing run like
clockwork. The queen would be very
impressed, Rachel, at your work. And a
reminder, come back on Friday, our first
ever membersonly event, the Ask Me
Anything. That's 1:00 p.m. New York
time, 6:00 p.m. UK time. Post your
questions in the comments below or bring
them to the live chat on the day. And
make sure you subscribe to the YouTube
channel to be part of that. We are
really, really looking forward to it.
Thank you very much for joining us. Hope
to see you on Friday. And all that
remains to be said is God save the king.
[music]