I'd forgotten about Harry sitting down

with Chris Ship and saying that he

didn't recognize the description of not

a working royal. He said, "No, I will

always be a part of the royal family and

I'm working." After mult after saying

multiple times, including on the cover

of Variety, I don't want to be an

actress anymore. That's beneath me.

Megan's literally going to fly 5,000

miles to to take a job.

[music]

>> Hi all, Kinsey Scoffields here. Welcome

to Kidsy Scoffield Unfiltered. The

Sussex's have spent six years insisting

they wanted independence from the

institution, greater control over their

lives, and freedom from the British

press. Now they're back in the UK

attempting to rebuild relationships,

navigating another well, multiple very

public clashes with the palace and once

again relying on the media to

communicate their story, their side of

the story I should say. So what exactly

is the strategy? Joining me today is

royal journalist and Mail on Sunday

editor at large Charlotte Griffiths.

Finally, finally here on Kinsey

Scoffield unfiltered, who has covered

Harry and Megan extensively and has had

her own interesting experiences dealing

with the Sussex Press operation.

Charlotte, thank you so much for being

here. Do you have you slept in the last

two or three weeks?

>> Well, I slept a lot more than I did

during the trial. I can tell you that.

>> Oh, that's true. That's very very I

should congratulations on on that

success of that. Well, one thing I did

want to say was during when my messages

came out, those Facebook messages, I was

down in the dumps and I had my head

under a duvet and I was listening to the

podcast and I heard your one where you

did an impression of me and I loved it

and it really cheered me up and you said

something like, "This girl seems really

funny. I want to be friends with her."

And I was like, "Thank you, Kinsey." So,

thank you for cheering me up. And

>> there was nothing there was nothing. I

mean, you sounded like a young girl

having fun.

Yeah, I was what was I early 20s and you

know I was a wild child. We both were.

This is the thing about Harry. He's

forgotten.

>> Yeah.

>> I think he's told Megan that he's Mr.

Captain Sensible Pants and he's

forgotten about the old days when he was

a wild child and we all were. And also

it was the it was the late naughties,

early 2010s. You know, life was in

London was just vibrant and wild. And um

he would do well to remember that now

that he's moved back,

>> right? Now that he's boring, now that

he's nobody wants to hang out with him,

uh, I guess my first question would be

an obvious one. What do you think Harry

and Megan, it's an obvious question

there. I don't know if there's an

obvious answer. What do you think Harry

and Megan are trying to achieve right

now? Because when you look at the all of

these different decisions collectively,

I'm not so sure I see a clear strategy.

>> Yeah. On the subject of strategy, I

don't think there is a strategy except

for one thing. The one thing they want

to do is for the Invictus Games next

summer in Birmingham to go off without a

hitch. And they want the king to in some

way show up um possibly at the opening

party because I believe for the closing

ceremony of um Invictus, it's Queen

Camila's 80th birthday. And I highly

doubt Harry's going to want to go to

that because he still is not fond of her

to say the least. Um, so that I think is

their only strategy. I just think they

and and it's gone wrong already because

the Invictus has just taken a major

major hit because Uganda pulled out of

attending and they actually referred to

Harry and Megan as uh conducting

nonsense. You know, that's the first

time you've seen a really important

general in an army of a foreign country

refer to it as nonsense. I know we

pundits always say that it's all

nonsense and craziness, but you know,

this is somebody a senior official

saying that. So, you know, I feel bad

for for the Invictus side of his life

because I know it's really important to

him and it's really important to those

who compete and I feel bad for those

Invictus um the Ugandan competitors who

wanted to come next summer.

>> Yeah.

>> Um but other than that, strategy-wise, I

really don't think there is any. And and

I I actually thought that they would

change the way they briefed when they

got to the UK because how they briefed

before was quite chaotic and it mattered

slightly less to the UK PR team because

Megan and Harry were far away and now

they're here and they're reading

everything even more and they're really

on top of everything and still it's

chaotic and that's kind of what blows my

mind.

>> What does Megan want from Britain this

time around? because I struggle to

believe she wants this quiet life in the

Cotswwells or wherever they end up. I I

just don't feel like this is her zen.

>> Yeah. Well, you're talking about

passenger seat. I I think me Megan for

possibly the first time in her marriage

or her relationship is in the passenger

seat on this one

>> because I can't see any other reason why

she'd want to be in the UK. I I feel the

briefing around the gentleman and the

very lavish home that we all kind of saw

the brochure for um and some briefings

around what school they might be going

to. Not that I'd say the name of the

school to page six. I feel like that was

her trying to convey very strongly that

they're here for more success, but

actually they're they're not. I it

doesn't seem like they are at all, but

she wants us to think that obviously.

Um, so I mean maybe she might do a

little bit of as ever product branding

in the Cotsworlds, but again it's kind

of it's kind of like an afterthought

sort of sort of strategy for for what

she's going to do with herself now that

she's here.

>> Well, I I want to ask you about the

briefing because I saw the brochure that

you're referring to. I've sent the

brochure to other people like I think

it's that I'm being told it's this. Have

you ever in the history of your job

had two people that lie to you so

effortlessly, so consistently?

I spend so much time trying to decide

what the ultimate objective is when I

receive anything that might be about

them. Are they trying to send me in the

wrong direction? Are they trying to make

themselves look better and more

important than they are? It's truly the

most exhausting thing. And it kind of

reeks of mental instability if you step

back and realize all the directions

they've sent you in in a 24-hour span.

>> Yeah. I think that second point you made

about trying to look better than they

are, it's just dominates all their

thinking about everything. So they they

weren't able really to achieve a very

simple objective which is to come to the

UK, enroll their kids in the school,

spend some more time with the king

because it had to be clouded by but also

we have to look good and we have to look

like maybe Megan's got a new TV role and

she's here for work and also it would be

quite good if people thought we were

living in this 10 million pound house

because everyone says that we're poor

but if everyone knows that we're moving

into this 10 million pound house with an

indoor pool then maybe we'll think

people will think we're rich. Oh, and by

the way, we landed in a private jet, a

small airport where that jet is

incredibly conspicuous and there was a

cavalcade behind it.

>> Yeah.

>> You know, having people guessing that

they're in the Cotswwells, whereas

sometimes I think actually maybe they're

in central Oxford and that's not giving

their address away because Central

Oxford is place.

>> Um, so it is it's always a game of smoke

and mirrors and and yeah, as you say,

it's about trying to look better, but

you know, sometimes you can let PR take

a backseat. you know, maybe some people

were saying they're a bit are they a bit

broke and maybe just let that slide, you

know, play the long game.

>> Who knows? I mean, how broke really are

they? It's not like they're going to be

signing on the doll.

>> So, but it's just that kind of thing

about not letting anything slide, even

the small points. Um, and yeah, trying

to prove something every time. I'm sure

that's what that play was about. I'm

sorry. Do not land in a black private

chair with a cavalcade.

>> Yeah. if you don't want to be noticed or

talked about or seen as being fabulously

wealthy and and starting a fabulous

fresh new start. What's the reality is

that Harry's already said he's a house

husband.

>> Yeah.

>> I think he's coming here just to be a

house husband, you know, dad and that's

okay. That's cute.

>> Yeah.

>> And maybe he wants to like do a bit for

Invictus and see his dad a bit. That's

Why is that not okay? But um you know,

they can't help themselves. What can I

say?

>> It is wild. Why do you think these two

so often seem to choose the most

complicated route? You know, we look at

something and say, "Well, that is the

most common sense decision. You should

take a left." And they're constantly

taking a right and creating more

problems for themselves. Um, I mean,

this is a bad example based on what

where you just told me you think that

they're living. But a some of us were

like, "Why would the kids go to school

there? That's 45 minutes away from where

we assume they're living. Why? You're

saying you need more security. Why would

you complicate your security by adding a

four routes of a 45 minute drive to your

day five six days a week and maybe

that's not the reality because maybe

they are where you where you said they

are but it's an an example of the way

that they kind of function always

choosing the hardest road.

Yeah, I I totally agree with that. And I

think again with the schools, they

briefed out that, you know, they said

something like schools are the great

equalizer. Like any other parent, Megan

and Harry are just they they came over

in a rush because they found that they

were at the top of the waiting list for

their school. So on the one hand,

they're trying to appear grandiose and

successful and fabulous kind of Ellen

Degenerous kind of associates. And the

other hand, they're trying to say we're

just like anyone else at a state school.

We're just waiting for our place.

>> Yeah. And the reality is as well is that

no prep schools, British prep schools

have a waiting list these days, even the

really, really, really fancy ones

because the VAT system in the UK means

that prep schools have become insanely

expensive. So people wait until their

kids are older to send their kids to

school when it matters. I guess they

call it stay till eight here. Um, and I

think Archie's seven. Um, and anyway,

even if this, so you know, so prep

schools have very few pupils at the

moment. And even if they they did find a

couple of schools with a waiting list,

do you really think Prince Harry would

be put to the bottom of that waiting

list? I think it's very unlikely. But

there's a classic example of, you know,

using a reason that does that has a

fundamental flaw in it. It just it's

very unlikely to be factually correct.

and using it as the reason for why they

came over without really notifying the

king when they were in H Highrove in

July that it just seems so unlikely and

it's just a bit of an own goal because

they can't resist finding little avenues

to put people off the scent. I'm sure

there's a completely different reason

why they came over with only two weeks

notice and I'm sure they're here for the

schools but you know but why did they

have to put the the an incorrect fake

reason out? I that baffles me. Well, and

multiple that the very first reason I

think I don't know if they weren't

considering the consequences, but the

very first reason was that Harry wanted

to spend more time with dad. And so then

everybody's like, "We're on Charles

death watch, which how do you not

immediately assume that by saying I'm

rushing to live in the UK out of nowhere

to be closer to my father?" Every media

outlet started saying, "Is is King

Charles worse than we than we know?"

based on that initial briefing. And then

they change it to well no we education

is so important to us to us. Monaceto

has great schools. You could have hired

a million tutors. You know America has

great schools. And then it's Megan got a

job and we're all after mult after

saying multiple times including on the

cover of Variety I don't want to be an

actress anymore. That's beneath me.

Megan's literally gonna fly 5,000 miles

to to take a job. So it

>> take a small part as well. If she wasn't

a gentleman, it would have been a bit

part. Is that really worth

>> flying all the way over and moving your

kids for? I mean, she could have just

flown over and shot it. You know, the

gentleman series 3 start shooting this

week. She could have shot it for a few

days or, you know, a couple of weeks

then gone back to Monteito. And just one

other thing on the prep school thing as

well is they said, "Oh, it's because

they they want him to go to British prep

school." Well, British prep school start

when you're eight. So, Archie's not even

eight yet, so he would have started next

September. So again, you know, on Feet

Street and we're thinking, well,

actually, you know, maybe there's

something wrong with the king because,

you know, he's coming a bit earlier than

than eight, even though they're saying

it's just for the prep school. Should we

give any um should we give any

credibility to the suggestion that he

might have been having trouble with his

visa?

>> Well, that's the thing. There could be

some totally different reason that we

haven't heard yet, such as tax or visa.

You're right. But we just don't know. I

mean there's just no one doing that is

there but you know one the other thing

that of course caused a lot of

speculation was there was some tax rule

to do with being there for six years

that came to an end in September and

that's a very unfavorable thing to for

people to be speculating about online. I

wonder whether they even realized that

what they were doing or that that would

generate so many kind of um queries

about that. But we'll we'll never know.

We'll never know. They're not going to

admit to that, are they?

>> No. I mean I just don't see Megan ever

in the passenger seat. I think that

that's why they've had such a hard time

collaborating here in the States with

multiple production companies, Spotify,

Netflix. I I just don't think she's

great at letting anybody take the

reigns. This feels like a defeat to me.

This feels like I've given up. And I

just feel like it's the old switcheroo

where Megan will be spending more and

more time in in the States to work

because her jam is just flying off the

shelves. And it'll be the slow the

sizzle burnout where Harry gets his way.

His kids are in the UK. You know, he he

there's he doesn't have a lot of

responsibility. Certainly doesn't have

Megan barking behind his back. I mean, I

hate to be the like the person that's

like, "Is the divorce coming?" I hate to

be that person. But none of this makes

sense to me.

>> Yeah, you're so right. It's so out of

character for Megan to take the

passenger seat. I mean, she took on the

queen. She took on the whole monarchy.

Why would she then suddenly kind of give

up? I I just that doesn't make any sense

to me. I totally agree with you on that.

So, there's something there's something

very fishy going on because Megan

doesn't give up. It's just not in her

repertoire as a human being. But, I do

remember about a year ago, Liam was kind

of telling journalists that that it was

Harry that wears the trousers, not

Megan. I also I just disregarded it. I

obviously bought that. I was just like,

that's not that can't possibly be true.

I refuse to believe it. evidence for the

last six years proves exactly the

opposite. But just interesting that he

felt that was something to be kind of

briefing out at the time, something to

be aware of.

>> I agree and I remember those reports and

I wondered if they were that wasn't that

around the time where she becomes the

traded

her as this tyrant running around

Kensington Palace. I'm going to be your

boss one day. And they realize that they

can't sell the with love Megan as ever

brand unless they transition her into

the sweet mommy that you you know you

need to be to kind of for people to buy

that you're capable of this lifestyle.

>> That's such a good point actually. Maybe

that's what that was all about.

>> I mean I don't know. I never know what

they're doing. They're driving me crazy.

I'm getting

>> doesn't it just the fact that we're so

completely confused and we're royal

experts goes to show. I mean, maybe they

won. Maybe their whole mission is just

to confuse the hell out of us with all

these briefings and counter briefings.

But then if she was trying to pitch

herself as the stay-at-home mommy and

the wife, then why did Harry go on a

podcast a couple of months ago and say

that no, he's a stay-at-home dad? That

puts Megan back in the driving seat as

the career mom. So, um, again, it just

speaks of no strategy, I suppose,

>> right? No consistency. And while you're

right, I do think that they sit at home

and high-five each other and say, "We

got them. They had no They were looking

for us at Heathrow. You know, we snuck

in. Um, but we still made sure our

photographer was there to capture the

picture."

I I think that right now they might feel

like they got one over on us, but I

think 20, 40, you know, 60 years from

now they're going to go, "So Harry said

he was afraid to return to the UK

because somebody could throw acid in his

wife's face, but a year later he's move

he's up and moved his entire family

there." I there the I think that their

contradictions will haunt them in their

you know when it when it comes to

history you know maybe it's forever away

but I don't think legacy-wise they're

doing themselves any favors

>> totally and it's so opposite to the

monarchy isn't it which is consistency

calm heads prevail keep calm and carry

on you know and then by comparison and

you know actually the royal family

stands the test of time nearly every

example you can think of 10 years later,

you know, it pretty much does age well,

you know, but with Megan and Harry, you

kind of go, that did not age well. For

example, the, you know, I was saying a

few a year ago that Harry was on the BBC

saying, I can't ever imagine a world

where I'd bring my wife and children to

the UK. It's like, well, that didn't age

very well, did it?

>> Yeah. Well, let me you just That's a

great um segue because I wanted to show

you I found this picture of making their

own rules, Harry and Megan. Um, this was

their exclusive details. This was their

People magazine cover in April. Do you

remember this? We're all losing our

minds about how great King Charles was

in DC and he's, you know, he's convinced

Trump that he's the second coming and

we're just so impressed with how he's

handled a difficult scenario because at

the time your current prime minister,

they change a lot over there, but your

current prime minister was really

butting heads with Trump and here comes

King Charles to save the day. And

instead uh before the dust even settles

and you know before King Charles gets

his victory parade, Harry and Megan end

up on the cover of People magazine

making their own rules. Their friends

are quoted, their their employees are

quoted in this piece. Um talk about

aging badly. I feel like that cover

takes on a whole new meaning after this

letter from the king where the king

says, "Hell no, they're not half and

half out."

Um, this was Harry and Megan

manipulating the media yet again and

trying to force their own agenda with

this cover and doing it the audacity in

doing it when the king is in the United

States, you know, creating some really

important change. Like what do you think

when you look back at that cover now and

and the optics of of what they were

trying to do versus like the humbling

they just had? Yeah, you're so right

because the the king's letter this week

by by Lord Benyan was just no, you're

not going to make your own rules. The

queen, an incredibly wise woman who sat

on the throne for decades and decades,

made a very calm, clear-headed decision.

You can't be half out half in, half out.

Why would the king not follow suit, not

take his mother's advice and stand firm

on that? Well, is he did they think he

was going to wait until she died and

then and then just reverse her decision?

No. I think what what happened this week

is we realized no that absolutely does

stand but that People magazine cover is

a classic example of I'm afraid what

Liam does which is and it's a classic PR

tactic you know and actually it can be

very effective but it's it's kind of say

it and and it shall be true you know say

it so many times that out of

embarrassment the royal family will be

forced to just kind of play along and go

with it and I I I do think that's what a

lot of this move was about is we're

going going to come to the UK, we're

going to remind people that we are

members of the royal family and he's a

prince by birthright, which is

technically true, but conflated with

working royals. And of course, on a

technicality, yes, Harry's a a member of

the royal family. And and so they they

knew perfectly well, they're not stupid

at the palace. They knew that he was

going to start a very vigorous um roster

of events for the next few weeks in

September. And people would get confused

and say, "So, is he a member of the

royal family? Is he half in, half out?

And I think Liam thought that he would

do that quite a few times and then

eventually they just would and

eventually they'd get an invite to an

actual royal event and turn up as an

actual semi member of the working royal

family and then time would pass and it

would just materialize that they were

back in the royal fold. Um, but

obviously that's not what's going to

happen and is not what happened. And and

what that letter did was made it very

clear to the general public and to Harry

and Megan themselves that doesn't matter

how many royal events you can you're

going to do this week or next week,

you're not a working member of the royal

family.

>> It's so fun to listen to you describe

that and imagine being around that table

because you know that these are the

conversations and the strategies that

are going on. Uh, and if if he's not

officially invited to a royal event,

they assume that King Charles standing

there next to him at Invictus would then

solidify the public perception that

Harry is back in the fold. Also, like

they really uh relied on never complain,

never explain from the palace. They

really were convinced that the palace

weren't going to fight back on this and

that that's how this was going to unfold

for them successfully.

They always have relied on that. That's

why it's always been savagely unfair

when they are rude about Prince William

and Katherine the Princess of Wales

because, you know, they can't respond

when they were rude about the Queen,

Prince Philip, when they talked about

conversations around what color Archie's

skin would be. And actually, William did

snap back at that and said, "We are very

much not a racist family." But he knows

perfectly well that they can't issue a

statement immediately the next day like

like Liam did this week. You know, Liam

immediately issued a statement after the

king's letter and then the palace denied

that and then there's been more and more

briefings on an almost daily basis. But

he knows that if the royal family do

respond to something, it takes weeks and

months and days and the wording is

poured over by endless courtiers. It's

not just a case of Liam picking up the

phone to his favorite journalist that

week and just kind of giving a few

off-the- cuff remarks. So, yeah, I think

you're totally right, Kinsey. You hit

the nail on the head. That's totally

what they were relying on.

>> Also, I don't know. I mean, this stuff

just it it moved so [clears throat]

quickly, but I'd forgotten about Harry

sitting down with Chris Ship and saying

that he didn't recognize the description

of not a working royal. He said, "No, I

will always be a part of the royal

family and I'm working." So, this is

clearly something that he was actively

working towards.

Do they pivot now? I mean, he's in Well,

let me just go back to this because um I

think that Harry imagined this return

looking very different. I think he

expected to win the case against

Associated Newspapers and yourself. Uh

secure that vindication. Maybe there

would be a financial reward, I don't

know, return to Britain on a high. Uh

and he's lost. He faces enormous legal

debt now. Um, we're seeing him

immediately fighting with the palace,

accusing the king of being the reason he

loses Uganda in the Invictus Games. Are

we watching holes appear in what Harry

imagined would be a triumphant comeback?

And how does he pivot from this letter?

Because I think we laugh about there

being no strategy, but it sounds like

the only strategy was fake it till you

make it.

>> Yeah, you're so right. He clearly did

not think it was going to go this badly

wrong this quickly. in the Uganda thing

he could never have predicted and

actually will have be a real bodyblow to

Harry because Invictus is the thing he

wants to protect the most. I mean other

than his wife and children obviously

>> and the know and it is a good cause and

the fact that he blamed that on the

letter and didn't just see his own part

in the scenario blows my mind. Um but

yeah, will he pivot? I can't imagine it.

I mean, I spoke to a couple of sources

when he landed in the UK and they said

that Harry was completely unchanged,

um, very angry, very bitter, you know,

not thinking I've got my tail between my

legs and I want to eat humble pie. Um,

yeah, and and I don't think he's

changed. I really don't think he's

changed at all. So, I mean, we're seeing

somebody that we expect to be a

stay-at-home dad, but he's still going

to be trying to force the royal

narrative through the charity

initiatives that he pushes. And is that

for his own ego or is that to help

maintain Megan's commercial pursuits

because they're more attractive as

royals?

>> Oh, I think it's a combination of all of

the above. I think first of all it is

actually what he grew up with and he is

raw in his own brain and he's really

never been able to take a look at

himself and think God this has all gone

horribly wrong and and when he came back

to the UK you just don't get the sense

that he was like okay time for a fresh

start and get back to who I truly am. It

was more about the ego and like but I'm

royal and this is my country and I'm

back. Um, and you know, of course it

will help it will help Megan's sales for

as ever and maybe help her next talk

show, her next Netflix deal if you know,

if they have been seen hobnobbing with

the royals. Um, so yeah, I think a

combination of all of the above. Kinsey,

>> h it's just very frustrating to watch it

and know that there's like I always

complain about like the lack of anchor,

the lack of depth. I don't believe that

they they believe or truly care about a

lot of the things that they do.

Invictus, I think, is the, you know, the

shining star. I do know that Harry cares

about that, but it seems like they just

pop up where it's where it's cool. Pop

up where they might be photographed next

to somebody of of importance. Um, you

know, no kids online. Megan posts her

kids online. They don't really put their

money where their mouth is. But this

just it just seems like they're trying

to bulldoze their way back

just to look like they're, you know,

royals and not do any of the hard work

that we know goes into this. I mean,

think about Queen Camila taking on all

that work when Katherine and and the

king were sick. And it it does take

Where were they when when the queen

dies, Prince Philip dies, the king gets

cancer, Katherine has cancer. That is

when this family needed some support.

You just see how selfish these two are

that they show up in the dead of night,

you know, and go, we're back in the

game, you know, and they and they're

desperate to be acknowledged as as if

not royals public figures

>> and they they only want to do the kind

of glitzy events. So, where were they

when an was in Doncaster this week or I

think Edward went to Muryside? Um I

think he also went to Blackpool. I mean

will if they were say in a parallel

universe they were welcomed warmly by

the king and Prince William and said

okay fine get to work your working

royals go out and and cut some ribbons

for us by the way your first five jobs

will be in Doncaster Blackpool and

Muryside do you really think they'd go?

I don't think they play their part. I

don't think they'd be up for it. And

what they want to do is stuff like the

Diana Awards events. Oh, and by the way,

that's another reason I think they want

to particularly be here this year is

because this year is the 30th. Well,

next summer is 30 years since Diana died

in a car crash, tragically. And and the

events are kicking off from now till

next summer. There'll be a great number

of events. And a lot of it is about

reclaiming the Spencers, the Spencer

side, his links to Diana. And I think he

feels that he wants to kind of basically

take on Prince William, who's the

co-patron of the Diana Award, and make

sure that he kind of bustles in and

muscles in and make sure he's at the

equal amount of events as Prince

William's at. And I was actually told by

basically Kensington Palace and the

Diner Ward that they have a system now

where they have to take it in terms. So

if William does an event, then Harry

does an event. And William did one in

July, so it's Harry's turn to do one.

And you know, he takes those that turn

taking very seriously. He's not gonna

let William have two turns and him only

have one turn. That would never happen.

So

>> because he married the ghost of Diana.

He he married Diana 2.0. So like he's,

you know, he's got to make sure he's in

he's in the game, too.

>> Exactly. And I I really think he wants

to reclaim his mother's memory and align

himself very closely with the Spencers

this And I think we're going to see more

and more and more evidence of that as

the year goes on. Starting with El

Spencer's book, which is coming out in a

few days time.

>> And I think Harry's going to want to be

kind of a part of that somehow. I can't

tell you exactly how yet because I don't

know, but I think he wants to be very

very closely aligned with that book.

Maybe he's even done a forward or fed

into the book somehow. Um, and yeah, I

think this is the year of of Harry being

a Spencer. And you know that's not great

for William because William also had the

same mother and has the same uncle and

the same aunt the Spencer sisters. Um,

>> I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell

you, you have to call call as soon as

we're done, call Andrew Aloney because

he just told me that he was with people

today at a memorial that said that uh

Earl Spencer was so turned off by Harry

and Megan's behavior during their last

visit that he's voiced to certain people

around him that he's not going to

support Harry and Megan. I don't know. I

didn't I didn't ask for details. I mean,

maybe I'm a terrible journalist in that

way. I was just like, "Wow, that's a

pretty pretty big mic drop." Andrew, on

to the next question. But call Andrew

and see get some more details about that

from him because that would be very I I

completely agree with you. I felt like

it was Earl Spencer and Harry against

the the Royals against the world. And

that really was upsetting to me because,

you know, it was con I felt like it was

convenient for Earl Spencer to grab the

black sheep, the current black sheep of

the family, um, to elevate himself maybe

in a way. So, I'm excited to see if if

you and Andrew come up with anything in

in that arena.

>> Well, it it certainly tracks because Al

Spencer, you know, fellow strawberry

blonde, he's got a bit of that fiery

red-headed Spencerness to him. And we

know this from Diana's funeral when he

kind of railed against the institution

and the press. And you know, guess where

Harry gets that from? So it might have

been that maybe El Spencer thought, I'll

have Harry over. I'll welcome him into

my home. And you know, he's a chip off

the old block. He's my nephew. But then

the reality must have been very

different. And you know, look at look at

those Instagram posts that Megan did

from from Orrip, you know, in the pool

and with the the big bunches of flowers.

That pro probably didn't feel right to

Al Spencer. That's his home she's

Instagraming from. I'm sure she asked

permission, but must have been a very

odd way to behave for your house guests

that weekend.

>> Exactly. It's must be so weird to have

an influencer show up and just be like,

"Hold on. Can you get get my good side?"

And you're like, "I'm over."

>> Yeah.

>> Please don't touch that. That's an

antique in the background.

>> Yeah. Oh my god.

>> While she was sunbathing on her front

and reading by the pool, you know, it's

like, are you in Sanrope or are you

remembering your, you know, your

husband's mother? It's just

>> Yeah. Oh gosh. Yeah. Exactly. It's so

weird. Don't mix those worlds. Um,

you've had your own, you've written

about this in, um, the Mail on Sunday,

your own kind of interesting

relationship with the Sussex's press

operations over the years. Do you think

they have a tendency to use journalists

when it suits them and then burn those

bridges once they've got what they

wanted? I mean, look at the chaos going

on with the gentlemen and how an

Australian outlet gets that. So, we it

all takes us a little while to catch up

and realize that this is not what it

what it seems. But it does feel like

they pick, they choose, they use. Omit

Scoby's in a corner crying right now.

>> No, they certainly do. So, you're either

in or you're out. The thing is about

Liam is I actually really like him. He's

a really nice guy. But obviously the way

he operates and who he operates for, I'm

less enamored with for obvious reasons.

Um, and but I was really hurt when he

briefed that I was a honey traps, you

know, sent, you know, when those

Facebook messages came out and he

briefed out that I was a honey trap. And

I was like, that's really sexist and

patriarchal and incorrect obviously and

hurtful actually because I really liked

Liam and and now he's briefing to

everyone. This really interesting thing

happened this week which was so I was

told that there was this um big dinner

party for the Dian Award to raise money

for the Dian Award. It was going to be

at raffles at the O which is a very

prestigious venue. It's going to be

black tie and um you know Harry was

expected to attend and he was one of the

drawers because the whole point of the

event was to raise lots of money and

have high net worth individuals and high

end private family officers in the UK

attend and smoo with Prince Harry and

Zach Ael who was the pop star that was

due to perform.

>> And anyway Liam then briefed out oh well

Charlotte's wrong. um told all the

journalists and of course all of my

friends who told me straight away, you

know, she's not credible. And then he

put out this kind of chat GBTS statement

that says facts matter, accuracy matters

and and but neglected to tell them that

actually the whole event was

mysteriously cancelled 2 days after my

report came out. The whole event was

cancelled. So technical technically he

got me on technicality. Yeah. Yeah. No,

Harry isn't going. But he failed to

point out because the whole event has

been cancelled, right? One of my friends

who was going was like, "Do you think

they would cancel this out of Spike cuz

they hate you so much? They might

actually like cancel the whole thing

just to prove you wrong." And I thought,

"No, I'm not going to be that arrogant

to assume that." But I was

>> That would be very Megan Markle of you.

>> I know. But I was I was sounding out one

of my kind of royal colleagues about it

and he was like you know they have been

saying that you know they really really

really want to discredit you and make

you look bad and you aren't you know

number one on the hit list possibly

below Camila I don't know but I don't

know I would be so arrogant as to assume

that's true but it is also like why come

after me as a woman and say that I was a

honey trap which is so sexist and then

I'm kind of trying to do my job. I put

that story, by the way, to Liam well in

advance of the story coming out and to

the Diana Award who have always

cooperated with me and then suddenly

ghosted me despite like five emails.

Obviously, they must have been told by

Liam and Co. not to talk to me.

>> Zach Abel's manager wouldn't talk to me.

Complete shut us down. Highly unusual

again. And you I don't know. It makes

you paranoid, but these paranoid this

paranoid couple kind of in turn have

made me get a bit paranoid. Well, I I

want to stress because I've seen some

I've seen commentary about this. I've

seen people accuse you and Katie Nickel

of being a part of the Sussex WhatsApp

group to which I'd say that makes

absolutely no sense. They they've tried

to they tried to discredit you in a

court of law. Why would you be a part of

this new faux royal roa that they're

building? So, can would you clarify that

that you're not a part of this like

inner circle that they've built to to

try to you know they they have their own

royal roa? They they do.

>> I'm not on the royal WhatsApp group

because he uses it to say rude things

about me. So, um [laughter] it would be

pretty bad. It would be like Charlotte

Griffith has left the group. [laughter]

>> But, you know, I do they I possibly

underestimate the fact that obviously

everyone on that group is somebody I've

known and worked with. So, you know,

things get back to me. You know, it's

not like a closed group where nothing

ever leaks out. It's a it's a chat room

full of journalists essentially,

>> right? Uh well, I mean that just totally

justifies my assumption that he is an

agent of chaos and thrives on it and

this is probably a space he's really

enjoying right now. Um if this is my

last question and thank you for being so

gracious with your time today. Although

I know people will kick me for not

asking you, but I don't I don't I don't

necessarily feel comfortable asking you

this. I see a lot uh in my comments

about people referencing the white pill

that Harry put in your mouth.

>> You know, it feel I don't I don't I

don't I feel weird asking you about

that. Was it hard for you to write about

that? You know, because that was a weird

exchange.

>> My audience hates my audience hates that

for you though. But that that is

constantly something they bring up to as

an example of his character.

Yeah, it was really hard to write that

actually because it's so out of

character for me to put myself in the

story and that that and many many other

anecdotes from that night which didn't

make it into print. I was never planning

to talk about I was never planning to

talk about the messages. It was our

20ies. You know, we can all be forgiven

for having a wild old time. Um so I I

was very you know what I was quite

reluctant to write the whole thing at

times. I kind of flip-flopped. I I

wasn't sure whether to do it and um I

actually reached out to Liam twice

before that piece was published wanting

to make contact and he did not respond

to me. And I sometimes wonder whether if

he had responded to me whether things

might have turned out differently in

terms of that article. Not because I'm a

member of the Sussex squad or I do what

their bidding, but just because I'm a

civilized person and

um you know I just wanted to reach out

about it because you know my head was

scrambled after that trial. It was it

was exhausting and it was horrible being

accused of you know things I obviously

hadn't done and then being told that I

was a honey trap afterwards or accused

of being a honey trap afterwards. It was

>> it was a complicated time right. Yeah.

And and then I wrote that piece, but the

piece ended up feeling like amazing

closure and actually I think a lot of it

needed to be said because mud sticks and

you know I had to clarify some really

important points and um you know I had

to tell the real story of what real h

really happened. So I told it like it

was you know and um so no regrets but it

wasn't easy to write. I'm not going to

lie.

>> That was a the one part about the pill

is was super difficult to talk about. So

my biggest takeaway and it's probably

it's a probably annoying for someone

like you who experienced that and that

is like the biggest part of the story

because I think it tells you that from a

young age Harry had control issues and

didn't trust anyone. I mean that's very

interesting intel but I didn't know how

to discuss it. So when I was asked to

discuss it, I'd say, "Well, I didn't I

didn't realize that they briefed

Charlotte about the pictures and they

captured the big, you know, the the

photograph outside of everybody rallying

to have the reconciliation, you know,

discussion." So that's where I went with

your article because I just did not know

how to discuss the alternative. I was

like, I don't I don't know what to say

about this. This is hard. So I imagine

it was hard for you to write it as well.

It was hard and I feel that journalists

should never reveal their sources, but

it was so obvious. It was so, you know,

the the King's press secretary

was basically accused by the Sussex's

side of being the league and and I and

it got to the point where everyone sort

of knew and were guessing and, you know,

that's the only thing I've ever sort of

alluded to who my source was and I

didn't name names. I didn't say who it

was in the Sussex camp, but I kind of I

had to clear the air because it wasn't

it also just wasn't fair that I'd

allowed the royal c you know Buckingham

Palace to be accused of being the league

by the Sussex camp and I'd been feeling

bad about that for months. Um so you

know and people basically in the

industry knew I mean people people knew

and um you know but the hypocrisy had to

be highlighted. It really did. And um

yeah, so I'm afraid but I will never

ever ever reveal my sources again.

>> And I still made a really strong point

of not naming which went from the camp

because don't forget there have been

many many different people in my

>> Oh, I know.

>> over the last year. So I still won't say

who it was, but um that it had to be

done, I'm afraid.

>> Yeah. I will say that when I was

initially debating it with somebody,

they

that their puzzle pieces

suggested to them that it was King

Charles's spokesperson because he had a

prior relationship with the Daily Mail.

So, good for you. Good for you for

coming out and saying it wasn't the

Palace because people were jumping to

that conclusion based on, you know, a

LinkedIn profile.

>> Yeah. Yeah. I know that's that probably

is what they they they probably had the

strategic thinking to have to have

thought thought that you know because I

used to work for Tobin. Um

>> um but ever since Tobin has worked for

the Buckingham Palace he has been

annoyingly

>> a vultin if you're ever watching. Um and

and you know what and do you know what

history has has proved in the last few

weeks and months you know that they're

quite open now the Sussex is about

briefing to journalists. They're very

open in fact like we all know that they

briefed at different publications even

to that Australian publication. So again

I feel slightly less guilty because you

know it's just well known isn't it? I

mean people people not even in the

industry know who Liam is now. Um

>> and that's what they're doing and that's

okay. A lot of PRs do that. Most

celebrities use PR people. Um it's just

that royals don't.

>> Yeah. We're just hoping that the public

is savvy enough to recognize that even

though you're being briefed or other

people are being briefed and these

people are repeating it to you, it's not

necessarily the truth. The gentleman

being the greatest example of that, you

know, I mean,

>> you know, with that balcony thing, okay,

I wasn't just being briefed and I

swallowed it and printed it. I made sure

that there was pictorial evidence, you

know, so then the event actually

happened and then I printed it with

pictures.

>> I wasn't just drinking the Kool-Aid.

>> Yeah.

>> And I go, I got a lot of hell for in the

last year. I got, you know, for being

Yeah. I got a lot of rolling basically

being

>> We are not.

>> You are not a member of the Sussex

squad.

>> No, I am a journalist. Okay. That was a

massive scoop. It was on the front page

of the mail on Sunday. It went global. I

I what journalist wouldn't print that

story, especially because I'd use

journalism. Sure, I'd use the actual

information from team Sussex, but I'd

use the information to then do some

separate journalism and and then that

was the story. So, you know, I'm not

just drinking the Kool-Aid. I promise

you.

>> Yeah. I don't think you are. And I I

hope I didn't come off like I was

criticizing you for that. I

>> No, you didn't. You didn't. But, you

know, I I listen, I do read the comments

even though I'm not supposed to. And

people really came for me and I hope now

they know that I'm not on team Sussex.

>> Yeah. No, [laughter] I

>> And they're not on my team either.

>> Well, I we're we're reestablishing that

because I thought it would be pretty

obvious after he, you know, threw you in

the mud throughout the trial. Um, but

then I still occasionally see that your

name and Katie are linked to this Wuss

Sussex WhatsApp group and I'm like that

there's no common sense in that

whatsoever. These people tried to end

their careers. They jeopardized their

mental health. This is not a it's not

friendly territory.

>> No, I was under my duvet for two weeks.

Well, no, it wasn't really two days, but

it two weeks. It was two days. But no,

um Katie and I are just journalists. We

just love scoops and um we follow the

story and we don't align ourselves to

one side or the other. We just print

good, accurate stories where we can. And

it's actually very frustrating that far

from being in the WhatsApp group, I

cannot get Liam to give me guidance on a

story that I've, you know, got

separately. Um, which is fine. Every

every uh PR man has the right to say no

comment. But then afterwards to brief

that very same WhatsApp group that I had

no credibility because I hadn't checked

my story.

>> You've gone to my story.

>> You've gone rogue. He's like, she's

she's a rogue one. No, I I take it as a

compliment and everybody knows that. I

mean, I think your your credibility

speaks for itself and and theirs speaks

for itself. I think that I I totally I

I'm criticized sometimes because they

say that I, you know, I'm I'm just

regurgitating what's in the news, but

Harry and Megan

are so dishonest that like I jump when I

get something and I'm so afraid that

they've led me astray on purpose to

jeopardize my credibility that I don't

want to run with it. I mean, it's a very

it's a minefield to navigate.

Yeah, with the media so it's our job to

mediate for I suppose you'd say the

general public what is true and what is

not. So we'll yes we'll take some

information from the Sussexes and we'll

take some information from Kensington

Palace and we'll take some common sense

and we will use our skills as

journalists and your in your case as a

commentator to calmly interpret what is

actually going on and that is our job

and that's called media. That's why

we're called the media and I think

you're very good at it Kinsey don't

those

>> well I think you are too. So, uh, ignore

ignore any negative comment. Don't don't

first of all, don't read the comment

section. But we've certainly clarified

that, um, you are not working on behalf

of of Harry and Megan. And, uh, I

totally agree with you. If I had that

story, I would have run with it, too.

That was unbelievable that they were

meeting. It meant something very

historic, significant at the time. And

>> and here we are a year later.

>> I know

>> the results are laid bare. So,

>> exactly.

>> That is my final question. If if we have

this conversation again a year from now,

what do you think Carrie and Megan's

life in Britain would look like? Have

they found a sustainable role for

themselves or are we going to be

discussing another Sussex rebrand?

>> I think a year from now, their little

trip to the UK will be over. Actually, I

do think so. I think the Invictus games

will have taken place and I hope it's a

success because actually the wounded

servicemen deserve deserve that event to

go off without a hitch.

>> I think that Harry will as usual be

preparing to do his um wellchild awards.

Um and then I think maybe he'll be going

home maybe not to Monteito but somewhere

else. I just I can't really see this

this trip lasting longer than a year.

They themselves have said, you know, six

months, but you know, an extended

period. They keep saying an extended

period. Um, I don't know what that means

for the children's education because

prep school, you know, goes on for

several more years. Um, so yeah, a year

from now, we can dig out this clip in a

year's time.

>> I'll probably have egg on my

>> just way too anal to be so unstable.

Like I need to know what I'm having for

dinner in two weeks. Like I I look at

the restaurant menu 3 days before I go

to the restaurant. Like I can't live

like this. Harry and Megan, chill out.

So, mail on Sunday. Every Sunday. Every

Monday. If if you're watching this on

Monday, please go to the mail on Sunday,

dailymail.com or dailymail.co.uk,

however, wherever from wherever you're

watching us. Um, and that's where your

latest piece will be. Do we think it's

going to be on the Diana Award or do you

think that it might change between now

and then?

>> Well, the the news is changing three

times a day. So every you know that's

the thing about working for a weekly

paper. What I wrote on Tuesday is

already slightly going out of date.

>> Um but yes I think I think I will put a

little note in about the Diana Award and

how I wasn't wrong. The event got

cancelled

>> right.

>> Um and why did it get cancelled? A

mystery. We shall try and see what

happens.

>> All right. Um well I I love this

mystery. Thank you so much for spending

time with me today. It was good to get

to know you a little bit better. And

it's on the public record now that you

are just a journalist doing your job and

you in no way, shape, or form are on the

Sussex payroll. So, no more of those

comments.

>> God, no. I think somewhere somewhere in

the cosmos, Harry's spitting out his

coffee at the very thought that I'm on

team Sussex or any part of it.

>> It was so nice to finally get to know

you. Thanks for spending time with me

and I hope you will come back again very

soon. Uh, and I'll catch you when we can

react to something exciting that's

happening in real time because this is

kind of an evergreen interview where I

got to pick your brain about your

history. So, thank you for for being

vulnerable and allowing me to do that.

But you'll come back again soon. You

promise.

>> I'd love to. Thanks so much, Kinsey, for

having me on.

>> Well, we hope you enjoyed this

conversation. We will see you again very

soon. Talk to you later. Bye.

[music]


