A special visit by the Princess of
Wales. And surprise, surprise, Harry and
Megan are back to being a punchline.
Hi all, welcome to Heirs and Spares, the
show that dives into the fascinating
world of two of the most recognized
royal couples. I'm Kenzie Scoffield, and
I'll be bringing you updates on Harry
and Megan. Hi, I'm Robert Bell and I'll
be bringing you all the news about the
Prince and Princess of Wales. And
because they're back in the UK, I'll be
bringing you my take on what the
Sussex's are up to. All right. Well, we
did have some positive news over the
weekend from the Princess of Wales. She
made an emotional return to the Royal
Marsden Hospital where she previously
received her own cancer treatment. She
met with patients, families, and staff
and thanked them for the care that she'd
received. The visit also highlighted
Katherine's secret three peaks
challenge, which she completed back in
June, surprising us all climbing the
highest mountains in Scotland, England,
and Wales within 24 hours to raise money
for the hospital. Those funds will help
create a new specialist center focused
on holistic well-being and recovery,
something Katherine has said played a
major role in her own recovery journey.
I' I've even heard King Charles talk
about that as well. Uh, great to see the
Princess of Wales out and about. I love
that this has become one of her staples
uh because she is so emotionally
invested in it. And um I think that
people I I know this sounds silly to
say, but for her to walk into that
hospital and to surprise some of these
patients, it really must be such an
uplifting experience for them to see not
only the Princess of Wales, but somebody
who fought it and and can give them
advice and can give them emotional
support and really mean it.
>> And I think that's the important thing.
And I think that's why she obviously did
that three-piece challenge. There was no
fuss, no bother. We knew about it after
it's finished. But I actually did like
seeing that visit to the Royal Mars
because I think it did show her in a
completely natural relaxed light and
knowing that there probably are people
who are in different journeys on their
road to recovery or wherever there are
whatever cancer treatment they have.
Some, you know, it's not a good picture.
some is an encouraging picture, but just
to have her coming round and doing her
thing, I think is important. And by all
accounts, she managed to raise
significant sums of money through her uh
three peaks challenge, which I think
again highlights the fact that if you
are a real royal and working for the
royals in a traditional sense, it's
probably easier raising money. And I
know um with my wife, she's got involved
with a thing called the lady's secret
garden which um is again is about in the
with the been working with the royal
master. They had a fabulous garden at
Chelsea this year and I know the
importance of these places for people
just to find some comfort something that
doesn't just look like you're looking at
a ward in a hospital or with sort of
everything just being very clinical and
these places are vital and I think the
work that the Princess of Wales has done
obviously working very closely with the
Royal Mars has to be employed did and
you could see how much it meant to the
people. Okay, it was slightly staged
manage. You see a chair being moved in,
but I think she was probably there for
longer than maybe she was expected to be
because I know it would have meant a lot
to her and in importantly as you quite
rightly alluded to would have been so
important for the for the patients and
the people at the Royal Marsden. I mean,
I I don't think it's fair to compare
either of the wives to Diana because,
you know, she was a force and she was a
unique situation. But
there is something that Katherine shares
with her about
when it come there's something that they
that I do where I there's a place where
I do see similarities and it's when
Katherine is engaging with the
vulnerable.
I mean, I you can feel Katherine's
empathy and compassion through the
screen and even in the way that they're
responding to her. They really
appreciate her presence there. And um
and I do think that that's something to
be celebrated even though I I don't like
to do the comparison and I'm typically
criticized if and when I do the
comparison, but I think that that's a
sweet comparison and that's a fair
comparison. And I will also say I don't
see it anywhere else except for maybe
Duchess Sophie, but certainly not you
know who.
>> Well, no. Exactly. But I think it is
important. I I think yes, there's always
going to be the the the comparison
thing. And it not just about with um
with Katherine is obviously with Megan
as well and all the sort of illusions to
Diana which I want to get away with. But
I want to just see actually Katherine's
just doing her thing and she, you know,
of course the comparisons are she
photographs very well. She's always
immaculately turned out. Uh, and she
always presents herself very well and
she's got that sort of softly spoken
manner about her which does lend itself
to the sight of sort of things. She's
not bombastic or sort of gung-ho. It's
got to comes in with the gentle touch
and I think that's what's important
about these visits and why I think it
does resonate and she does do it
quietly. Doesn't want sing and song and
dance and yes we hear about it but it's
not blazed around everywhere but it did
get some good coverage but again if you
look at last week it still was quite
hard to put its head above the parapit
given all the other shenanigans going
on.
>> Oh my gosh that's the truth. All right.
Well, let's talk about Prince William.
Um, the title of his piece in The
Independent on Monday, Prince Williams
urgent optimism is critical on climate
change. And he's he's written an essay
for the Independent, calling for much
faster action on climate change, warning
that slow incremental progress simply
isn't enough anymore. The Prince of
Wales pointed to devastating wildfires
around the world as evidence that the
environmental crisis has escalated and
said that the focus now needs to be on
solutions that can make a real
difference before 2030. That of course
is the driving force behind his
Earthshot prize which invests in
innovative environmental solutions with
the goal of proving that some of the
planet's biggest challenges can still be
tackled within this decade. Williams
essay also coincides with the launch of
the Independence Climate 100 list during
Climate Week in New York. So, Rupert, I
I suspect you might tell me that that he
could be floating into dangerous
territory here or no. Do you feel like
we should consider climate change not a
political issue but a you know
>> it is a we we can't get away from the
fact KY I think it is in this country um
climate change and the net zero targets
and everything is a big political hot
potato here. There are strong opinions
for you know from all sides. I think
when we think we look back at the king
and his um his environmental um sort of
pitch, I think what you're saying about
Williams is it's on a global scale. And
this is the problem is how do we get
everybody to be heading in the right
direction that he would like? because
you can do things in one country but
actually if you probably look elsewhere
there are other countries who are a long
way behind and are creating these
environmental issues. So it it is a
global issue and so therefore that's why
I think he can get away with the
political sort of ramifications of what
he's talking about because he's not
saying something specific to this
country. Now, Earthshot is a global
initiative. It's something he's
absolutely passionate about. It has
achieved good things, credible things
that are happening. And again, that's
where I think he's going to India um at
the end of the year. We don't know
whether Katherine will be accompanying
him again around the earth shot and
highlighting the issues. And obviously,
India is a country that has got in many
people criticize India for not doing
enough. So, it's going to be interesting
how he navigates through the choppy
political waters around environmental
issues. But I think it's important that
right now while he's not king, just like
his father did, for him to air his voice
while he can,
>> but obviously he knows that when he
ascends to the throne, he will have
serious constraints placed upon him,
just as the king has. um what he thinks
in private and maybe trying to do things
behind the scenes. Unfortunately for
William, he will probably not be able to
write essays like this in the future.
>> Such an interesting point because I've
always appreciated the fact that King
Charles was king or was that Prince
Charles really was so um outspoken while
he was Prince Charles because we knew
exactly where he stood everywhere all
the time. And even though he's tightened
up his lip today, we can still go, well,
technically 15 years ago he wrote that
letter, so we kind of know where he
stands on this situation.
>> But isn't that why Queen Elizabeth just
was so incredibly special to absolutely
everyone because of the mystery and the
mystique? It's a double-edged sword.
>> Yeah. Bearing in mind, she ascended to
the throne in a very different era and
we hadn't um and she was only in her
20ies.
>> Yes.
>> So, she didn't really have an
opportunity to
>> share our voice.
>> I know what I'm I'm saying. Like there's
that there's the legacy wise, it's fun
to know where King Charles stands, but
did the mystery surrounding Queen
Elizabeth
>> was that a strength for her?
>> I think it did create the mystique. And
one of the problems was, you know, even
the the they were peeling back the
covers at various states, letting the
press in, whether that documentary from
1969 and other examples opened up the
door and that mystique disappeared a
bit. You know, the reverence that was
around the royalty, you know, they were
godlike in the way people um respected
them or dealt with them. That's all
changed. And bearing in mind how long it
was until king before King Charles
ascended to the throne, he had a long
time to do to vent sort of um bring out
his opinions. And I thought he did a
good job at it because he was a he had
to have something to do. He can't just
be, you know, you can't just sit there
waiting for your mother to die,
>> right?
>> You know, I mean, that's the b that's
the reality of the situation. And of
course, she lived well into her 90s. he
did try and make sure he could be seen
to be making a difference. We've seen
initiatives that he did not only in
Wales and various places which now um
from Prince Williams point of view he
will be going an extra mile I think in
what he wants to try and achieve. So I
actually think while he can he should
but he does know there is that sort of
political thing hanging over when does
he or avoid stepping over the mark but
that article seems perfectly right
because it's basically backing up what
earth shots about which is a global
initiative to try and make people be
fully aware that you know the
environment and the climate crisis you
know is something that we all have to
deal with. I am having so many thoughts
because I'm unmedicated ADHD and I what
what I what I want to say is I think the
conclusion I'm coming to based on our
conversation is there's no right way.
You know that is how the king is is has
differentiating himself from his mother.
We do know where he stands and I still
admire him despite admiring the queen
about the mystery surrounding her. I'd
compare her and I've already done this
in the last few weeks so I apologize but
to Dolly Parton. We really didn't know
where she stood. We just know that she
wanted to make the world a better place.
So I think that the Queen and Dolly are
are similar in that way. And you know
who else I'd put in that category? The
Princess of Wales. So it's almost the
best of both worlds where we do know
where Prince William stands because he
is more outspoken. But the the mystery
that we admired about Queen Elizabeth,
we see something similar in the Princess
of Wales with Catherine.
>> Absolutely. And I think you know she's
got to navigate a slightly different
path. She has to go the areas she wants
which she's comfortable. we know about
the early years initiative and obviously
working with the Royal Master Hospital
is a very personal thing and I think
that helps and gives her an extra level
of credibility if you see what I mean
because people will be empathetic and
understand what she's going through.
It's an okay yes she might have been
able access to all the very best
treatment but counselor cancer is a
leveler. It doesn't matter. Yes, she
might have been in a slightly more
privileged position to get the best, but
actually it it doesn't cancer doesn't go
with status, you know, it it basically
um you know, we don't know how serious
it was, but we do know that she's now
able to get on with her life as much as
she can. I don't know. We don't know
what stage was she in remission or where
where she's at, but all we can say is
what we see out on the front line is
that she's looking in in good nick and
getting on with it and enjoying doing
things like going to the Royal Masters.
So, I thought that was a a very
successful little visit. I think
William's letter is again I think again
it's quite interesting the timing but
showing the seriousness of what he is
about and what the royal family are
about and I think again that is
something that has to be highlighted
given the other elements of the soap
opera which I'm sure we're not ready to
go there but just one thing last Sunday
was the last night of the proms who did
they honor at the last night of the
proms Dolly Parton got plenty plenty of
um uh references at the last night of
prom. So you you know of course we saw
the household the band of the Cold
Stream Guards play 9 to5 now one of the
great musical nights the last night of
the prom was a bit of an homage to the
icon that is Dolly Parton. extraordinary
the impact she's had um musically around
the world and to generations not just
people say my of my generation but
actually I think she also crossed over
to people probably in their 20s and 30s.
She was definitely different and if the
last night of the proms um did that then
that tells you what a significant figure
she was uh and and left a mark around
the world.
>> Absolutely. We love Dolly here. Uh, one
additional Prince William story that I
think is important to share is his visit
to Prince Town on Tuesday when this is
airing. This will probably have aired by
the time he's been out and about. He's
launching a new 250,000 pound community
fund supporting local social, economic,
and environmental projects. The village
sits alongside a now disused Dartmore
prison which generated around 1.5
million a year in rent for the Duchy of
Cornwall. Now William, Prince William
decided that he would no longer
personally benefit from that income and
beginning in 2026 2027 the money will
instead be redirected into regenerating
the local community. This is another
interesting example of Prince William
putting his own stamp on the duche and
reinvesting its income back into the
communities it serves. You know, how can
we not applaud some something like this,
Rupert? I think that this is such a
great reflection of Prince Williams
character.
>> Yeah. And it's an interesting backstory,
the whole thing because Dartmore uh
again was um a prison. Um but it has to
be closed down because I think parts of
it were some of the buildings didn't
conform to modern day regulations. I
mean which is happens everywhere and at
the moment it's just city sitting empty.
And of course when it was a working
prison that probably employed most of
the people in this town uh this small
village next to Dartmore. So it's
basically got a bit cut off. Now,
they're still arguing whether there's
anything they can do about maybe
refurbishing or whatever you do to
Dartmore because we do have one of the
big issues here. We have um one of
political arguments is about early
release of prisoners. We haven't got
enough prisons. So, that is another
issue, but it's not really relevant.
It's up to the home office to deal with
that. Not Prince, not the Prince of
Wales. But it is showing and I
absolutely get it. They are a rural
community that probably feels a bit cut
off. And he's now trying to do something
to make the people who live there um
economically have less of a burden
because there hasn't been anything to do
around there since the prison um closed.
So they're now looking at ways whether
that be with community shops, whether
just to make people
go there, spend money, build up a little
infrastructure and something for the
local community to earn money at. So I
think again this is a proper initiative
from the duchy of Cornwall that shows
that he is aware that there are lots of
people less fortunate than him. In fact,
probably most of us are less fortunate
than him. But this is a very good
working example because Dartmore used to
as I say be a huge employer. It's sort
of one of a notorious famous prisons in
this country but now is obviously sat
empty when we know we probably need
prison space in this country. Uh and but
I'm delighted to say that the Prince of
Wales is finding a way um to deal with
it. I mean, I think we'd heard about it
earlier in the summer a little bit, sort
of rumors that this was going on, but
this is sort of now a a clear indication
of what they want to do, and it will be
interesting to see the feedback from his
visit down there. And of course, we're
going to promote like hell anything we
see from the Prince and Princess of
Wales, knowing
that there is a distraction in town that
looks a lot like Schmegen Schmarkele
that at every turn is trying to, you
know, to to steal the headlines like by
by telling us demanding that they want
privacy
and they want everybody to keep it a
secret where they're staying.
And then Rupert
basically giving us uh the exact
location of where they're staying, you
know, no secrets left thanks to Megan
Markle's latest Instagram reel,
>> which is going to it's going to generate
international headlines. Not because we
care about what's up with Meghan Markle,
but because Prince Harry is the king's
son. You know what I mean? Like she
knows what she's doing.
Absolutely. And there's a shot of the
dog by that bridge. Well, people know
exactly what estate that is on um whose
it is, you know. So, and it's no
surprise that they that he that they are
staying at Ian W's place. I don't think
he's in residence. I think he spends
most of his time abroad. But again, if
they want their privacy, why highlight
where you are staying? I mean that just
creates an extra level of drama. And
again that when it came out it all looks
a bit sort of staged and posed again.
There's nothing different from what
we've seen before and it's all you know
there they are walking arm in arm down
there the dogs running. They're on the
lake. I mean it actually just turns
around. You are living in a privileged
way. Stop moaning. Look at you. You're
living in a foff house. You've got
everything you want there. Stop moaning.
I mean, that's really what it comes down
to. People would love to be living in
those environments and happy, but they
don't seem happy. And then they're
posting, you know, having to I don't
know what the terms of the deal for
staying there are, but whatever
arrangement it is. Um, and great that if
Ian Waist feels he wants to help Harry
and Megan, I don't have a problem with
that. But I wonder whether how much he's
pleased to have everything being put out
there about where they're staying. Um,
and I I just find that is where I I keep
scratching my head as to what the latest
thing they're doing and it just steals
everybody else's thunder. And
>> well, what about Prince Harry? Because
don't you watch that video and go, are
you and Harry on the same page? Because
it's Harry that's, you know, raising
hell about us respecting his privacy.
Um, you know, Harry is sending the
attorneys after all of the media outlets
saying, "Don't you dare reveal this,
this, this, or this." Uh, you know, it's
like, Megan, are you and Harry on the
same page? Because if Harry was on the
same page, you would expect him to say
like maybe not that shot because that's
giving away too much.
>> Yeah. And this is where I I don't
understand their policy. What What are
they about? They just spent the last
weeks permanently drip feeding the media
not have happy about you know being when
the letter turned up and not given time
to consult. They are more the public
figure argument that you know he is a
public figure because he is and they are
well known. So that puts them in a
different category to anybody else. It's
the sense of entitlement that absolutely
drives me mad that he thinks he is a
beyond everything. But we go back. He
left. He found he found freedom. Now
he's come back here. He's not quite
getting it on his own terms. So he's
pissed off basically. He's angry. And
now we're we're discovering where
they're staying. How long they'll be
there. We don't know. Whether they're
looking to buy somewhere, you know, the
reports of them having going pottering
along to Soho Farmhouse, which isn't a
million miles away from there. There's
plenty of other nice sort of places to
go and visit around there. uh we don't
know where the children are going to
school and I don't want to know really.
I I think that that's got to be kept
quiet for the children's sake. But
again, these endless backshot views of
Lily Betett and uh Lily and and Archie,
it's just getting plain creepy now. I
mean, I I I just I I just think why do
they need to post, you know, what what
commercial benefit is that?
>> Well, I think you know why Megan's
posting it. It's because we're saying uh
they've failed. They've come home with
their tails between their legs and she's
trying to say look at this fairy tale.
Meanwhile, we know behind the scenes
Harry's recently lost the Daily Mail
court case, which is going to cost him a
significant amount of money.
Financially, that's going to be a hit
that they were not prepared to take. We
know that they're angry about King
Charles's letter saying that these two
are private citizens when they want to
be known as public figures likely to
sway Ravik's ultimate security decision
as they re-evaluate their status since
they've moved back to the UK and that we
had Uganda. Uh we know Prince Harry was
angry about that. There is an update
that King Charles has successfully
intervened to restore Uganda's
participation in in the Invictus Games.
But Harry taking swipes at his father
immediately after that, saying that his
father was to blame for Uganda's loss.
Um, publicly taking swipes. So, you
know, you asked yourself,
how committed is he really to a
reconciliation when he behaved so poorly
publicly? Um, and so they're trying to
paint a picture of this, you know,
idealic
countryside escape in Britain when the
reality is things aren't 100% behind the
scenes if you're having to lie about a
job with Guy Richie.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, that was that was
the straw that broke the camel's back, I
think, in most people's eyes. um just an
absolute joke fest to even go there and
get the PR um machine to even try and
suddenly going in a certain direction
and then suddenly having to pull in the
reins and yank yank the story and and
then try and backtrack. It it really is
an example of how they have no idea what
he should be doing after this. Look, the
character in Uganda, I think he's a bit
of a loose cannon anyway, but fine. He
decided that with all the show soap
opera around Megan and Harry, I don't
want my servicemen and women taking part
in the victor. So he is I think he's a
bit of a um a loose cannon in that
sense. He he he hasn't got much of a
filter. But I'm glad the king's
intervened. What Harry now should be
saying, thank you, Dad. Really
appreciate what has happened here.
Avoiding any confusion. Delighted that
you can will be there. Just as the king,
I think in the statement that was put
out said something to that effect that,
you know, they would never say that they
shouldn't be taking part because as
we've talked before, I absolutely
applaud what Invictus Games is about.
But when they we saw that Instagram drop
of of the Sussex's gambling around um
the Oxfordshire countryside,
I mean, I'm I'm sorry. Give me a break.
You we don't see the Wales doing it. Why
do they feel that they need they're any
different? Um because they need to show
look at their contented
life. They've got the dog, but I think
it just angers people because it just
looks like they're once again being
entitled. They got a million dollar
villa in
>> I would defend them. Prince Harry's
birthday is in a few days. If they would
have released a video like that on
Prince Harry's birthday, I think we we
would have had to been we would have had
to have been realistic and said, "Well,
the Wales family sometimes releases
these types of videos on a birthday, so
we can't criticize the Sussex's there.
This is their way of celebrating Harry's
birthday." A little look behind the
scenes. But we've had
two or three weeks now of Harry and
Megan just exploding PR-wise. Hot mess
express
and and and also we've got the working
royals coming back to work in full
force. And so it just felt like Megan
wanting headlines and it and it felt
completely contradictory to what they've
been telling us. Leave us alone. Let us
settle down. let us settle our kids in
the UK. Don't give away where we are. If
you do, we'll sue you. And then I mean,
don't post your kids on social media.
The Meghan Markle story.
>> And then they do the opposite of
everything that they say they're going
to or or tell other people to do.
>> I'm afraid that is their big problem
because they don't listen to anyone.
>> They think and they're saying, "Look at
me. We're having a lovely time." But if
that if everyone can work out where that
is, it's not that difficult. There
aren't too many houses with a bridge
like that and a lake um you know around
this part of the world. So people can
pretty quickly work out exactly where it
is. As I said to you last week, I mean I
went to the Cornbury horse trials and
this is where this is the way they
should be operating on a private visit
to an event in the Cotwells not a
million miles from where they're
staying. If they'd gone along to the
private function that was there, big
hospitality tent, you had Zara, you had
the Duchess of Edinburgh and these there
were photographs released about this. So
I'm not telling tales out of school
here. Beatatrice was there as well with
her husband and they looked to all be
having a lovely day at this lovely
estate watching some horse trials
getting on with it. Now, if they had any
been normal, Megan and Harry should have
been at that and just quietly got on and
had a pleasant day in the country. But
no, it wouldn't have been. It would have
been turned into a sort of media fest
and controlled because we've heard
stories when they were at Wimbledon, she
wanted to control the narrative, wonder
everything. But how do you stop people
having a nice day with their phones just
taking a quick photograph? You can't.
Well, and they've they've they've
encouraged this curiosity about them.
Like, they've created it. They Me
attention is currency for Megan Markle,
you know? So, I I don't I'm not going to
criticize a a 50-year-old guy who's
sitting there enjoying his day in the
sun, spots the Sussexes, and pulls his
camera out because he can't wait to show
his wife and daughter because they're
gossiping about these two. Harry and
Megan have created the chaos that
surrounds them.
>> Yeah. And it would have been I mean I
can tell you the organizers we joke
could say I'd say to the organizers
want Megan to come and a sort of look of
glazed horror came over uh the people's
face with knowing that she wasn't going
to turn up. But if you get my point
about why she exactly the sort of thing
that if you're a member of the royal
family you're in the country life.
You've got Sophie uh you know the
Duchess of Edinburgh having a lovely
time with the you know okay great
friends with a person who lives in in
Cornbury Park which is a fabulous bit of
the Oxfordshire countryside you know
Zara obviously competes but they were
just relaxed and normal everything about
the Megan and Harry thing is it's like a
sort of wild intense sort of
in way beyond anything people can
comprehend and words failing me. I'm not
describing it very well, but I think you
get my drift, don't you? Everything is a
is a is a sort of drama. Nothing can
just be done in a relaxed, absolutely
normal way because the royal family do
want to just get on with life and have
those normal experiences. It's very
important for them to just be able to
well, everyone's going to be looking at
them, but just having a relaxed day. No
fuss and bother. No one was bothering
them. And it was great to see that is
how you should be behaving when you're
back in this country. But I just don't
think they know how to.
>> Yeah. They act very weird. They're very
strange. I've heard that they're very
strange in social situations too, like
private social situations. Did you get
the sense when you watched that video
that there was an element of we can
create the royal lifestyle without the
royals, the countryside, the wellies,
the family imagery, the British
symbolism, the emojis. They may have
rejected the responsibilities of royal
life, but it's like Megan understands
the enormous value of its aesthetic. You
know what I mean?
>> Oh, yeah. And don't get me wrong. I mean
from a we do have beautiful places in
this country. Britain is a very
beautiful country in places. So I
absolutely get that. But she needs that
British aesthetic to be the Duchess of
Sussex. I mean what she should be doing
if they got any sense they should be
living in Sussex. My goodness me. And
actually go and visit the the um the
county that you're named after. There's
some lovely bits down by Goodwood House
and down there. some stunning places to
go and live and and be around. But um I
don't think they're I don't see the
bunting out at uh in Sussex to greet
them. But that's the point. They need
that look of for her when it comes to
selling her stuff of look how grand and
everything's sophisticated, the charm of
the British countryside. Um, as I say,
it's not going to be charming from about
the 1st of November when the clocks go
back and it's dark at 4:00 and it's it's
cold, damp, it doesn't quite look as
beautiful uh as as it is right now that
we've had a bit of rain and everything's
greening up. It's it's stunning right
now.
>> I've always thought that that was such a
like weird, you know, Megan trying to
sell this British brand as ever, even as
ever to me is very British. for her to
try to sell this British brand from
Monaceto while saying that the UK is
racist, Brexit is rac
mixed messaging and here you have her
trying to embrace it in my opinion again
not not to just control the narrative of
domestic bliss because I see the you
know Megan Markle specifically said to
Jamie Kern Lima I'm done with the prove
it game. What was that video? We're
fine. We're happy. We're in love. Prove
it. Prove it. Prove it.
>> But it's also to your point just one
giant commercial for As ever because
she's trying to say I'm I'm really
living this lifestyle that I've been
trying to sell you through the As ever
brand.
>> Well, I did some research today. Please
forgive me.
>> I know you did. I know you did.
>> Uh I went on to the As ever website. So
they they've at least got one person
clicked, but there was no purchase
because I'm abroad. So I just thought
and obviously we're near Dalesford. So I
would was doing a sort of compare and
contrast what you can buy online.
Um, and look, Dalesford is high-end
stuff and but when I'm reading Megan,
you can buy jam and then you can get a
keepsake
packaging.
Sorry. I mean, and then it's all it all
looked wishy-washy. I think I discovered
that you can buy three jars of
blackberry spread cuz she can't call it
jam for $42. Now, I may have got maybe
wrong, but I think that's what it is. I
did go on to the Dalesford website and
thought, well, what what are they
selling jam for and they are selling £9
and you get two jars of blackberry jam.
Now I the only thing and probably might
say I don't know whether they were
different size but looking at the
pictures they look the same sort of
standard jamsiz jar. I would suggest
Dalesford would be much better quality
than the as ever blackberry spread for
$42.
That seems very steep. I don't know if
you're I don't know whether you eat jam
or spread, but what that does seem very
expensive and overpriced.
>> Well, I mean, I grew up in the South
where we made it ourselves. So yeah, $40
something dollars for something that my
family could make is that it's an
insult. And I What do I get? Do I get
out of parking tickets for that? I mean,
what what special privileges comes with
a $40 box of loose fruit spread? My god.
>> And and there's something there was
other stuff that had um box of matches.
I mean, it just it I mean, it actually
trying to create some level of British
sophistication. I couldn't see it. Um,
so as I was trolling through, they got
even the pre wine. It just looked the
bottling looked naff
>> because obviously it's been done by and
okay, we got her handwriting written
over everything. But I'm just saying I'm
just trying to point out looking at the
market that she's trying to crack. Now
if she wants Dalesford is seen as having
a level of sophistication but £450 or
whatever it was for a jar of Dalesford
jam doesn't actually seem ridiculous.
>> Yeah.
>> Whereas $42
for three jars of blackberry spread just
feels overpriced bearing in mind in
America things are slightly cheaper
anyway.
>> Right. Right. Um,
>> is it does it does it work as a like a
laxative, too, so I'm guaranteed to get
skinny after a week of of eating this
fruit spread? Like, come on, Megan. What
are the what are the what are the here
for that kind of price tag?
>> Raspberries are very good at that, I'm
told. Uh, uh, raspberries, I think the
seeds in raspberries from food
nutritionist, raspberries are a very
good source of fiber, darling. Uh, if
we're going on that particular route,
you know, to help to help you go.
Speaking of laxatives, let's head over
to the secretary story. He announced a
string of pseudo royal engagements in
the UK and the United States.
>> Um, this is from the Daily Mail and um,
>> a a source close to Harry spoke to,
brace yourself, People magazine, and the
insider said, "Members of the public
know who the Sussexes are. The idea that
they can't live a normal private life is
sadly not realistic." Now, this is a I
sent you this line with with no
commentary over the weekend because I
just could not believe the audacity. And
you know why? Because you bring up Zara,
Mike. Like, there are numerous examples
of how Harry and Megan could live
anonymously and they choose not to.
We've discussed the chaos they create
around themselves all the time. Um
whether it's wanting parents to agree to
not photograph their children or you
know Harry and Megan are always going
out of their way to stir the pot and
make things more difficult. Sources
close to the Sussex's have suggested the
king's assessment of them as private
citizens is unrealistic given their
level of fame that again they pursue.
Stop saying he's the king's son. He
wrote a book about his wiener. He's all
over Netflix for hours upon hours. He
produces reality television shows about
polo players. Like, this is a
position they've Megan is seen on how
many red carpets by herself. Is this not
a a position that they actively pursue?
Um, in particular, the Sussex's appear
to have taken issue with the assertion
that they should not be treated as
royalty. Uh before we go into Harry's
schedule, what's your reaction to their
friends defending them, saying that they
needed to be treated like royalty? That
that that's unrealistic that they're
that they're not bigger than private
citizens.
>> Well, I'd be interesting to know who's
sort of feeding those lines. How many
friends? They just need to just come
back here and lead a quiet life. But
unfortunately, you know, their reaction,
we we've got a I don't know whether
you've seen it, but I imagine it might
have been all over your Instagram feed.
It was quite a funny sketch.
>> Wait, do you want me to just play it? I
I have I had it.
>> Oh, yeah. I think it I think Yeah, cuz
it it's relevant to everything that's
going on and the situation they find
themselves in.
>> Harry, what are you two doing here? This
castle is for royals only.
>> Oh, CHARLES, DON'T BE SUCH A GRUMP.
HELLO, sweet Harry. Mwah. And beautiful.
Megan, as brown as ever.
>> Keith, thanks. Hey, step queen. I
brought you a gift.
>> Megan, you shouldn't have. It's ice. I
made it myself.
I can give you the recipe. I'm kind of
was in the kitchen.
>> It's true. She hires the best cooks.
>> I love you.
>> I love you more.
>> No, I love you more.
>> No, I love you more.
>> I love you more. Stop. Stop that.
>> What do you two want?
>> We're moving back to the UK and we need
your help.
>> Don't tell me you spent all your Netflix
money already.
>> Daddy, it was $60 million. How long was
it meant to last?
>> I'm not asking for much. Just a Dutch or
two.
>> What a waste you've become.
>> I mean, that's pretty near the knuckle.
I mean, the ice line, you know, given
that she was Didn't she do some
and making models of ice. You know, you
can fancy people like to see nice ice
blocks.
>> Wait, wait, did she do the flower ice
block thing or no? I can't remember.
>> Yeah, well, flower sprinkles were going
to everything, but obviously there was
one or two quite um punchy um near the
knuckle gags. I like the 16 million
Netflix one or 60 million. I I just
think it reflects
where they are at because that has got
huge social media traction.
>> Mhm.
>> You know,
>> it also says it also says like because
we knew they were a punchline in the
United States. South Park, Family Guy,
the list goes on. you know, how many
award shows took hits to the Sussex's,
you know, the the comedians on stage,
Jimmy Kimmel's dedication to Harry's
book and the mother, you know, Princess,
the ghost of Princess Diana and the the
todder. Um, we could go on and on about
how they became a joke in the United
States. This is the first time they've
been hit as a punchline since they've
returned to the UK, letting Americans
know that you feel the same way we do
about this couple.
>> Yeah. And the fact is this program which
is obviously the UK version of your
Saturday Night Live uh and is they've
just doing the second series. So it's
got they've gone well and obviously this
their social media pickup wherever it
has been from this program not just this
sketch but others um have actually sort
of broken out. But actually that whole
sketch um basically reflects that they
are in a bad place when you've getting
them lampuned to that extent and people
actually are writing. They don't really
even have to try very hard to write
those gags actually. And that's the
that's the sad thing because they're
writ
>> Yeah. They are writing their own comedy
scripts by their behavior.
>> And it comes by to what we were saying
earlier, their sense of entitlement. You
know, they made all this money from
Netflix, but now they've got three
houses or potentially three big houses.
I mean, what what are they thinking,
>> right? Why do they feel that they have
to live this ridiculous lifestyle? But
to be lampuned like that when they've
only just got back is not a great look
for brand Sussex.
>> Let's talk about Prince Harry's program
that he released um through his media
team. His September engagements is what
they referred to it as a major award
show in London later this month before
he flies to New York to appear at the
annual Clinton Global Initiative meeting
alongside former President Bill Clinton.
his wife Hillary, Chrissy Tegan, and a
LinkedIn co-founder during United
Nations General Assembly Week. Uh, I
mean, what does it say to you that Harry
and Megan continue to collaborate with
America's favorite cyber bully, Chrissy
Tegan, who told a teenage girl to off
herself on Twitter? Um, you know, do
Harry and Megan not I mean, we could I I
don't I understand that the Clintons
have become kind of a c cultural
figures, but that doesn't mean, you
know, that they're not controversial
political figures. Um, Harry and Megan
just don't seem to do their due
diligence.
>> No, they don't. And but the one I still
feel sorry for is the wellchild. And I
just hope Megan doesn't put her head
above the parapit there and go cuz that
will be a major distraction cuz in in a
sense that might be the first public
time because I think it's next Monday
the 21st. So we don't want we don't want
to see it.
>> We really don't. And I know um again I
know some of the people who are going to
be working there um covering the doing
the event covering the event and they
really do not want Megan and I don't
think the organizers do because I think
what they want to do is spotlight the
children who are there right
>> and that's the important thing and Harry
has a long-standing relationship with
this charity. It is something they
appreciate his effort. And I'm not
saying this is where WellChild are more
than happy to have him come along and
promote. And bearing in mind he's come
back. He was here last year. There's
nothing unusual about him turning up for
WellChild. So I hope it will be done in
the right spirit and it will create the
right level of focus on the WellChild
charity which is a big charity based in
Chelnham. uh and then hopefully they
will get the publicity that they want,
but it needs to be the right publicity
and that Harry shows what he's about.
It's a good shop window for him to show
how good he can be. But if he's got his
appendage with him, then that
unfortunately changes the whole dynamic
of the evening.
>> We're going to see him on September 17th
at the Invicta Spirit Gala dinner and
awards in London. Then like you said,
the 21st of September, the WellChild
Awards in London, and then September 20
22nd and 23rd, Clinton Global Initiative
annual meeting in New York. These guys
would show up to the opening of a
Walmart. I mean, what does Harry
does how is Harry um
I don't know, how is he qualified to to
be at this Clinton Initiative event?
>> Uh uh there great mystery. No idea. But
then you see that in Victor's one.
Sadly, I think that clashes with the
Prince and Princess of Wales going to
the aisle of
>> But
>> so it may they will struggle necessarily
where they're going in their capacity as
the Duke and Duchess of Rossay to go to
the island. They didn't they went to
Scotland last year. So they're doing
something similar again again
highlighting rural communities very much
what we were talking about a bit earlier
with the um initiative down around
Dartmore Prison and and the community
there. But it won't get necessarily
because if it's on the same day that he
rocks up at Invictus Games, which again
needs all the publicity,
but again the focus from the main thrust
of the media, whether we like it or not,
that will be the focus of attention
>> will be the chaos agents. The chaos
agents which are Harry and
>> Yeah. And I know you've got to go and
I'm just Can we just
>> story? I have one more story I have to
>> I've got a Percy I've got a Percy
update. He's been a Yeah.
>> So, one of the the last things I should
have brought it up clearly um is that
the Daily Mail says that a source close
to Prince Harry claimed, "Look, they
expect to be let back in. Harry expects
the royal family needs him. He and Megan
have nothing else going for them.
They've burned every bridge in America."
And I just hung up, as you know, I just
hung up the phone um with Dicky Arbiter
who said, "I have a new theory." And I
said, "What?" And he said, "I think
Carrie really thought the king was just
going to let him back into the royal
family once he was back here." So that's
two now two people I've heard that from.
Um what is your response to that because
it does feel true and it's also feeling
incredibly insulting to the people that
have monitored the situation over the
last six years.
>> It is and again it's his sense of
entitlement. and he says, "I can rock
back. You need me." He still can't
believe that the royal family is a
working operation that does survive
without them and has survived without
them over in America for the last
however many years it was. So, I think
they need to um take a long hard look at
themselves, but unfortunately they do
not know how to turn that mirror around
and just for a change look at
themselves. Um the king and William they
are not busting a gut to have them back
but unfortunately the media sideshow
around them does create a stir but they
want that stir cuz then they can go oh
look at the pandemonium it was at
wellchild or the invictus games. Look at
how many people turned up. I need
security. No they don't need security.
They just need to be sensible and
understanding and get a grip. But I'm
afraid I think I'm what I'm saying is
going to fall on deaf ears and they
because they um are completely uh brain
dead when it comes to anyone giving them
sensible advice.
>> Do they not understand the difference
between infamy and you know actually
liking them and being invested in their
success? Because
>> oh I love that. It's time for a gag from
the Carry On film. They've all got it in
for me. In for me with this kind of
carry on Romans where they anyway in for
me. Well, they do feel they're
everyone's got it in for them. So, it's
a great line from Carry On. Um I think
it's carry on Julius Caesar and Julius
Caesar is cries. It's a great line.
They've all got it in for infamy. Infam
me. They've all got it in for me.
Anyway, we digress. But um I I I always
think of that when you say that. And
they trouble is they think that they uh
are better than everyone else and that
uh they should be offered a the red
carpet return and saying look oh Harry
Megan we missed you.
>> Yeah.
>> No we no we don't.
>> No.
>> Anyway, do you want a Percy update
before update? We have two minutes.
>> Well the the little bruiser he went out
on the lash last night as only cats do.
He obviously got into a scrap. Oh god. I
I you know, but he's fine. He's a little
lame. He's a bruiser basically. He goes
out, our young Percy, but he's he's on
the road to recovery. I've spent a small
fortune popping down to my local vets in
Shipston on Starau to get the recovery.
And a shout out because I was at
Cornbury House Trials and I think she
met I can't remember her name, but a
lady from Straoud came up to me and she
said how much she enjoyed the program um
and she loves watching Heirs and Spares
and your other channels. So, there you
go. lady from Sprout, lovely part of the
Cotswwells. So, there you go. But Percy,
>> thanks for watching.
>> Percy the Bruiser uh is uh Yeah. And so
I've got to nurse him back and just stop
him going out on the on the Lash,
which I'm not sure by the end of the
week. Well, by the end of the week, I'll
have you send me a picture so I can keep
the audience updated on YouTube about
what's going on with Percy. We'll make
sure that Percy's on the mend.
>> Yeah, Percy, he better be on the mend. I
don't because my wife is flying to
America tomorrow and if anything happens
to Percy while she's away and I'm at
home uh I'm afraid uh head me to the
divorce courts as quickly as possible.
Anyway, enough of my problems.
>> Thoughts and prayers to Percy. I do have
to jump on another interview. So, we're
going to see you guys again next week.
Rupert, such a treat to spend time with
you and we got through so many Congratul
We got through a lot of stuff today.
>> Well, yeah. Well, and and even Percy as
well. So, we've done well in very good.
I think the badges have got it in for
him. Bye-bye, Kinsley.
>> Bye, guys. We'll see you again next
week. Bye, Robert.