Would Donald Trump ever have let that

happen given his closeness to King

Charles?

>> I don't like what this kid is doing to

his dad and I'm going to send him back

home. I mean, he had the power to be

like, you're going back home, you need a

spanking, you're going to have to go see

dad, and you're going to have to face

the people of your country. He has great

respect for King Charles and to that

extent he may have just done it to say,

I'm going to I agree this kid is out of

control, he needs a lesson. I I think

like I said, I go back to the fact that

as a royal you get away with a lot. You

have a lot of privilege, you have a lot

of of people taking care of you. There

was the chance that the president would

say, you know what, let's send him home

because he just loves kind of

you know, messing with people like that.

>> Breaking today, damning new polling

shows just how unpopular Prince Harry

and Meghan Markle's move back to the

United Kingdom has been. Just 16% of

versus, this is according to YouGov,

hope that the couple one day return to

being working royals. This is of course

amid King Charles issuing that letter

reiterating their current status as

non-working royals. Rather they return

to being part of the family officially,

just 16%, 51%

say they would rather they do not.

And it does remain a real mystery as to

the truth of why Harry and Meghan

returned so quickly. I of course

reported that much of it much of it is

because Harry did issue this ultimatum

to his wife as the marriage struggled as

he became more unhappy that the only way

that he would even consider not filing

for divorce was if she did give it a go

back in the United Kingdom. But as you

know, here and outspoken Lady Colin

Campbell was the first to report that

Prince Harry was becoming increasingly

concerned that this Heritage Foundation

battle to prove that he lied on his

immigration forms into the UK his

application given that he had in spare

admitted to being a serious drug user.

Do you remember the magic mushrooms from

Courtney Cox's fridge plus a whole load

of a load of illegal drugs as well, you

know, from from weed to to to

to cocaine you know, it was the full

works. It was the full admittance.

There was an increasing concern that ICE

were taking seriously the idea of a

deportation.

Now Tudor Dixon who is the host of the

Tudor Dixon podcast from the USA a

prominent Republican ally of Donald

Trump back with us now and Tudor

a lot of people said that this coincided

with a similar deportation of Milo

Yiannopoulos

back to the United Kingdom. That

surprised a lot of people too Tudor. He

had of course turned on Maga. He was a

Maga guy was no longer a Maga guy. He's

come back to the United Kingdom and

immediately

gone to a mosque. It's like that's a

whole other story.

But do you think there was any realistic

possibility

that there could have been a situation

where Prince Harry was deported from the

USA would Donald Trump ever have let

that happen given his closeness to King

Charles?

>> The beauty about Donald Trump is that we

just don't know. I mean [laughter]

he could have you know, he could have

been like

I I don't like what this kid is doing to

his dad and I'm going to send him back

home. I mean he had the power to be like

you're going back home. You need a

spanking. You're going to have to go see

dad and you're going to have to face the

people of your country. I don't I but I

don't know because does he want to make

a spectacle of that and does he want to

say I'm I'm kicking the child of one of

the other world leaders that we hold in

high esteem out of my country.

The likelihood is is low but it's never

none when it comes to President Trump.

You know, we we just don't know. He

could do whatever he wanted and he could

have said, "I'm going to teach him a

lesson." And I do think that he has

great respect for King Charles. And to

that extent, he may have just done it to

say, "I'm going to I agree this kid is

out of control. He needs a lesson." I

think like I said, I go back to the fact

that

as a royal, you get away with a lot. You

have a lot of privilege. You have a lot

of of people taking care of you. He

probably

didn't understand that

he, you know, you have people that take

care of the grounds. You have people

that wait on you in your house. They

take care of your meals. They take care

of everything for you. And when you're

on your own, that is just simply not

what life is like. And so, to recreate

that, you have to make a lot of money.

And in the United States, you have the

opportunity to be a capitalist and make

as much money as you want, but you have

to be good at business. And it turns out

that he wasn't. And his wife is is just

tremendously bad at it. So, I think that

there was the chance that the president

would say, "You know what? Let's send

him home." Because he just loves kind

of,

you know, messing with people like that.

>> Well, you've got to follow the rules,

too, don't you? Because the whole issue

with Milo Yiannopoulos is he had made a

lot of money, but if you're a guest to

the country and you're not following the

rules and you've turned on the

administration, then you're in deep

trouble.

And I mean, I think we can definitely

agree

given Trump's public, but also private

statements over the past decade,

Harry and Meghan were two of his true

arch nemeses, and he never softened on

them. So, he had this great love for

Queen Elizabeth II.

Real passionate uh support of that

woman, you know? And and and those state

visits, I imagine,

will be two of the biggest highlights

of his entire presidency. And he's done

some incredible things. And I'm talking

about the state visit first with Queen

Elizabeth II, and then remember there

was the second state visit granted by

King Charles III, which was historic and

is something that that hadn't ever

happened before. But despite that, he

never stopped talking about Harry and

Meghan. He would always slap them down.

You know, Tudor, most world leaders

would just avoid the conversation, but

not Trump.

>> [laughter]

>> Not Trump. He would go there. So,

there was definitely an animus towards

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, which

never faded, I guess, is the point that

I'm making.

>> But first, a quick question for those

watching in the United States who are on

Medicare. When did you last actually

check your plan? Most people pick a plan

once and never look at it again. But

plans change every single year. Premiums

go up, prescriptions get dropped, the

plan that was right for you last year

could be quietly costing you this year.

So, get a second opinion from Chapter.

They're the only Medicare advisors that

compare every plan nationwide. They're

independent and honest, not paid, by the

way, to push one plan

over another. A licensed advisor walks

through your doctors, your

prescriptions, your priorities, all in

one call. One member called Steve, he

phoned in and was told his current plan

was already his best option, so no

pitch, end of conversation. That's the

kind of straight answer you get. It's

free and takes under 20 minutes. So,

call 814-813-4918

and find out exactly where you stand.

That's 814-813-4918.

But now, back to the show.

>> No, that's what I mean about President

Trump. You just don't know because he is

open about everything. I mean, as I'm

watching this convention take place and

the and the speeches and everything and

you know, the president was speaking and

saying things that you

you just typically have not heard a

president say and he was like, "I'm just

going to go off script here." And you

know, you you like to have a president

that that can go off script. Well, I

think that is actually the charm and

that's the attraction to him as much as

it is a detraction to the left. To the

right, people look at that and they go,

"He's not trying to fool me. He's not

trying to be a politician." We are so

used to politicians who are, you know,

stiff-lipped and and saying exactly what

they think you want to hear and not

telling you who they are.

He doesn't He does not mess around and

I'm sure that's how he is in these

meetings, too. And I have to think to a

certain extent that Queen Elizabeth

enjoyed the fact that he was just going

to be who he is and that's why those

meetings were went well, but also he

doesn't ever shy away from calling

someone out. I mean, I think in the at

the Republican convention, he was going

after one of our Senate candidates for

the outfits that he wears. You know, the

guy is not shy about things, whether

it's the right thing to say or not. He's

just You're going to hear it. So, he

I think what as he watched what happened

with Harry,

to your point about his relationship

with his own children and how important

family is to him, that was when he was

like,

"His relationship with the Queen was so

important to him." And those And he has

said that those will be some of his most

memorable visits that I think there was

almost like

a masculine defense of the Queen by

saying, "Harry's a loser."

>> Yeah, exactly.

Exactly. And it's almost

I would almost argue

it's saying what he knows she can't say.

>> Yes.

>> Do you Do you see what I mean? He can

say it, she can't. And so, he will say

it. Now, to to the right

in the United Kingdom is currently

divided on bringing Harry and Meghan

back, which is interesting. You you And

I'm talking about the right in the

mainstream media, right? Which is that

there is

this growing movement, oh, we should

just leave them alone. So what I want to

do is I want to present both sides to

you and get your opinion. So the first

very much in the well, we don't want

them back and the king is doing the

right thing camp is Sarah Vine. She is

the star columnist of the Daily Mail

newspaper.

And after the king's letter, she wrote

in the Daily Mail, finally someone's put

them in their place. She said of Harry

and Meghan, their short-sighted and

tone-deaf response to it shows there is

very little prospect of an imminent

rapprochement. If these two had half a

grain of common sense between them or

their advisers, they would have realized

the statement was the perfect

opportunity to extend an olive branch.

And I totally agreed with the Tudor.

They could have responded with grace and

diplomacy and won plaudits for doing so.

Perhaps something along the lines of we

would like to reassure His Majesty that

we understand the terms of the

arrangement and have every intention of

respecting them. Maybe even a we are

grateful for his understanding at this

difficult time. But no, instead they

chose to react in typically petulant

fashion, surprised, aka rather miffed,

once again betraying the complete and

utter lack of self-knowledge these two

possess when it comes to the damage they

have caused and the mountain they have

to climb in terms of redeeming their

reputation not just in the mind of the

king but also the general public. Bottom

line, not many people like them and even

fewer people want them here. Now I'm

actually totally with her.

But then we get to a woman called

Annabel Denham. Now she is a major

conservative columnist for the Daily

Telegraph newspaper. And what's

interesting Tudor is the Daily Telegraph

is the newspaper here of the British

royal family, right? So it was really

the main newspaper that the late Queen

Elizabeth read. She'd sometimes read The

Times of London as well, but the

Telegraph is regarded as the newspaper

that the aristocracy and the British

royal family read.

And Annabel's column was headlined,

"Let's give Harry and Meghan a break."

And I remind you, this is not a leftist,

right? This is a right-wing conservative

columnist for the Daily Telegraph. And

this was her take, Tudor.

She wrote, "Harry and Meghan might be

ridiculous,

but they're not wicked.

Is the current pile-on not getting a

little vicious, tedious, and

unnecessary?

We don't know what is happening within

the family, only fragments many

previously supplied by Harry himself in

spare.

At the very least, we should admit how

we love to hate this pair.

That public panto villains serve a

useful social function. Nothing unites

quite like a shared enemy. Particularly

ones sufficiently privileged that

cruelty towards them can be mistaken for

virtue.

The monarchy has survived wasteful

princes, warring relatives, abdications,

and it will survive the current bunch.

That, after all, is one of the strengths

of an institution that evolved rather

than being invented from scratch. It

does not depend on the wisdom or

otherwise of the people who briefly

embody it. Perhaps we should leave the

Windsors be."

Now, Tudor, my pushback to that, right,

is that Harry and Meghan are not part of

the Windsors. Like, people don't seem to

understand. They want to destroy the

royal family. They literally told Oprah

Winfrey in one of the most consequential

interviews of the modern age. I mean,

there's very few interviews you can

think about that really had that level

of significance. And it was designed to

destroy the British royal family on a

racism lie, right? And

specific individuals too, Tudor. I mean,

they targeting the current king in

Charles and the future queen in

Catherine in terms of these false claims

in regards to Archie's skin tone. Okay.

Now, Harry has obviously rolled that

back now and said, "Oh, no, we weren't

talking about racism. We were just

talking about uh

you know, what did he say that terrible

term? Unconscious bias, that's it. But

but but do you understand what I mean?

It's like no, they're not just like

pantomime villains. They're actual

villains. I mean, I'm obviously a

British citizen, a monarchist, a

royalist, and they want to tear down

this historic institution.

>> I I can't get past that they're not

wicked. What is more wicked than writing

that book and And I think that you even

felt that in that interview. When you

bring up that interview, when she did

the curtsy move in front of Harry and

humiliated him. Humiliated him. And the

problem The problem Harry has is

allowing it to happen. So, he's like an

accomplice to wicked. Yes, that Yes,

look at and

he has to be uncomfortable.

Yes, he has to

He has to be going

"Oh, this is it. This is the end." And

he yet And yet he stays with her. And

so, as he comes back, you know, all of

us were like, "Okay, he's I mean, and

you and I talked about He's got He's

He's got a little bit of of bravado back

because he's obviously dragging her back

to the UK and he's telling her that

they're going to

>> want to go to school here. Right.

>> And you had mentioned that there was

potentially this book coming out and he

could see the writing on the wall that

if Meghan doesn't become incredibly

successful and totally famous being the

the wife of Prince Harry, then she's

going to be the ex-wife of Prince Harry

and see if that works. I mean, she's

willing to do anything for Meghan,

right? So, wickedness, I believe

wickedness is at a a high level when it

comes to Meghan, but he's still under

her spell in some way because exactly

what the the first response that you

read where she was saying, "This was an

olive branch." And Harry knows. He knows

it was. So, he had every opportunity to

be like, "This is great. We're going to

live here. We're not going to respond.

We're going to still go out and do our

charity events. We don't have to get

nitpicky about things. Let's try to work

our way back." But, you know Meghan was

like, "Mhm." "This is not good enough

for me. I want I want I want I want I

want." It reminds me of the little girl

in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

when she's like, "I want the golden

goose." You know, this is Meghan Markle

wants the golden goose. And he's like,

"Oh, whatever you need, I'll get it for

you." And and it it's ruining his life.

It's ruining his life. So, even when we

think he's taking some control back,

that letter came out and you know she

was like,

"Well, you're going to be sleeping in

the guest bedroom for the next week." He

was like, "No, dear, dear, I'll write a

letter. I'll write a letter. I'll write

a response."

>> 100% it's constantly that pressure,

isn't it, that she puts on him.

Uh really interestingly, by the way,

because you know you you tend to think

religious leaders on this front are

always in the camp of, "Oh, you've got

to unite." And there's this huge

pressure that's being put on Prince

William and Catherine, the Princess of

Wales, at the moment to sort of give in.

"Oh, you've just got to reunite. You've

got to be the bigger people cuz you

know, you're the good people, so you've

got to forgive."

But, interestingly, uh

Rabbi Dr. Jonathan Romain

wrote this week in the Daily Mail,

"I'm a man of God,

but I don't think William should make

peace with Harry. Some wounds can never

be healed. And he is also estranged from

his own brother." So, he wrote this

Tudor.

Fresh Harry and Meghan updates every

single day. Yes, the ones the Montecito

mafia and MSM don't want out there.

Subscribe to Outspoken for daily royal

coverage. It's completely free.

Giving up on one's brother may be a

painful situation, but at least it has

been accepted, put in a box, and stored

away.

It will be even more painful to reopen

it. Still, I am bothered by the fact

that as a minister of religion, I have

frequently met with warring families,

and my usual response has been that they

should err on the side of generosity.

But I also know that some hurts cannot

be forgotten, and some misdeeds cannot

be undone.

Prince William has endured the ignominy

of his brother divulging their private

quarrels to the world for a fast buck.

Your point, Tudor.

My brother buried my mother without

telling me.

This may not be as high a moral or

religious response to which I could

aspire, but it is real. I regret it, but

won't change it. I truly hope

that Prince William can do better than

me,

but he will know very well that much

depends on the wounds already suffered

and the likely response he might

receive.

And that really struck a chord with me,

because actually

sometimes you are just reopening

yourself up for so much pain, and

William also has to think of the

institution and the country. And so, any

type of forgiving of Harry on a personal

level

puts all of us at risk again, doesn't

it? Because it brings him back into the

center, and once he's back into the

center of things, well, guess what? He

can destroy them again.

Or try to.

>> So, he's been

forgiving his brother his entire life.

We Like we said, he's been a partier,

he's embarrassed the crown multiple

times, and they've always welcomed him

back in. He's William is no no

I mean, he hasn't been against

forgiveness. He's not embarrassed by his

family. He's certainly not

um struggling to find his forgiveness.

And I've always been told as a Christian

that forgiveness is not allowing it to

happen to you again. So, the pattern of

behavior has been there for William to

see. Forgiving, coming back, and more

abuse.

Forgiving an abuser can mean it can be

very freeing for you, and it can mean

that you wish them well. You want You're

not going to go after them. I mean, for

forgiveness for William is to not try to

harm Harry. But, that doesn't mean that

forgiveness is to allow him to harm

William, to allow him to harm William's

children, to allow him to harm this

great institution. For us, when there's

a family quarrel, there is that balance

of, "Okay, do I have to allow this

person back in and continue to allow

them to hurt me, or can I just have them

at the family gathering, and maybe we're

not as close anymore, maybe I don't let

them near my children as much." You

know, there's that balance. For William,

it's so much bigger. It's like, "How do

I make sure that we protect what this

institution has been for hundreds of

years? We I have to make sure that the

last the several thousand years of the

monarchy is not destroyed by this wild

man who has decided to go tell all the

family secrets." So, I agree with the

rabbi that forgiveness doesn't always

mean allowing that person to commit the

the abuse. Forgiveness can be freeing,

but it doesn't necessarily mean that you

are welcomed back into the fray and

allowed to commit the same crimes.

>> 100% and it can actually make life more

difficult. It can make life more

difficult once you've once you've made

such such a strong call. Now, Tudor

Dixon, I am a big fan of your podcast,

but can you tell everyone I mean, I'm

subscribed to Tudor Dixon USA on

YouTube, but I presume you're also

available

on all podcast platforms, too.

>> Wherever you get your podcast, yep.

Apple, um iHeart, wherever you get your

podcast, Rumble, YouTube, all of those

places, we're out there. Um we'll be

talking about all kinds of political

stuff now, because obviously we're in

the crazy political midterm season, and

it is really getting close to what we're

going to find what what will the future

hold in the United States? So, yes, that

is we're going to be covering a lot of

that, but it's really fun. So, Tudor

Dixon @TudorDixon on X, on Facebook,

follow me there, and you can get all of

the information about what's going on in

our country, if you want to hear about

it.

>> Well, I love American politics. I am so

excited about the midterms, so I will be

listening. I will be listening. I just

watch with my popcorn. You know, it's

very it's

>> [laughter]

>> it's very very entertaining. Uh but

Tudor Dixon, such a pleasure to have you

on Outspoken for this for the first

time. Really, really appreciate your

time today, and please do come back

soon. I've really enjoyed it. Thank you

so much, Tudor. And of course, as well

as subscribing to Tudor Dixon USA on

YouTube, please do subscribe to my

Substack, too. You can sign up at

www.outspoken.live.

Paid monthly and annual subscribers get

first access to the Royal Uncanceled

aftershow with no advertising

whatsoever. You can watch live or on

demand, whichever you prefer. And the

key thing about Substack is that my paid

subscribers drive everything I do, uh

keep me independent, keep me outside the

royal rota. I so appreciate everything

you do for me. Have an amazing day.

Dan Wootton Outspoken is your no-spin,

no-bias, no-censorship outlet for

independent news. We have no big tech

backing or billionaires pulling my

strings, but that does mean I need your

[music] support. So, please hit

subscribe on YouTube, turn on the

notification bell, and subscribe to Dan

Wootton Outspoken on Spotify or Apple

Podcasts. It's totally free, but allows

me to continue my promise to always keep

fighting for you.


