Is Prince Harry still spitting blood and
demanding an apology from the rest of
the royals? Can Prince William avoid
talking to him for the rest of his life?
Have Megan and Fergie joined forces
against the royal machine? Why has
Andrew been accused of sex crimes in the
US? And which royal favorite is leaving
the palace? We have another fascinating
show for you.
Hello and welcome to Palace
Confidential, the royal show that you
can trust. I have three brilliant royal
experts here to answer the biggest
questions of the day. First up, it's a
man who's written about the royals for
more than 40 years, the Daily Mails,
Richard K. Next, it's Charlotte
Griffith, editor at large at The Mail on
Sunday and author of a couple of
fascinating stories this week. And
making up the trio, it's the Daily
Mail's diary editor, Richard Eden.
Welcome to all three of you. A reminder
that if you don't already, why not
subscribe to the Palace Confidential
YouTube channel? It's free and reminds
you whenever we put out a new show,
which we do twice a week. Now, let's
start with some news about the wider
royal family as they gradually return to
work after their summer break. Richard
Eden, after a relaxing few weeks at Bal
Moral, King Charles is back in action.
What's he been up to?
>> This was an engagement which he really
seemed to be enjoying. Um yesterday
evening he came down from Scotland
specifically to attend the unveiling of
the Bayer tapestry which they have moved
over with great care and expense from
Normandy to the British Museum where
it's on display. So lots of British
people who might otherwise not get the
chance to see it can can see it. I mean
I when I was a boy I went to Bayer to
visit it and it's well worth a trip if
if you can obtain tickets. There was the
president of France, Emanuel Mccron, who
um was enjoying a bit of um what's the
French word for banter.
[laughter]
>> Badinage is is our old word. I think
everyone has French roots.
>> Yeah. So, he was enjoying um talking to
um the king about the the tapestry and
they they seem to be having a thoroughly
good time together.
>> Question to you, Rich Kate. The um the
relationship between President Mron and
the king a very warm one. was that it
sort of showed the the British the royal
family at their diplomatic best. You
could say
>> I think so and I think one of the
reasons is there's been a bit of
constancy at least um with the French uh
president which the king hasn't enjoyed
quite so much with his own prime
ministers. I mean you know Macron has
been there ever since Charles became
monarch. Um it was France that the king
went to right at the beginning of his
reign and I think that was a significant
visit and they they clearly get along
quite well. I mean, Macron gave a pretty
good speech in in English last night. I
thought he doesn't like talking in
English, but he did. It was very heavily
accented, but he he's clearly very very
good and nimble with the English
language. And Charles, of course, delved
in and out of French and English uh in
that kind of sophisticated way he has.
But yeah, I thought they they got on
very well. And remember, this is a an
extraordinarily important event in
Britain's island history. You know, the
Battle of Hastings, 1066. We all know
it. We're all brought up on it. Uh and
in in a way, the the Bayer tapestry is
probably the most important significant
artifact of of British history and and
for a limited time, it's here in London
>> and big royal history as well. In in the
days, things are a bit more gruesome.
>> Bit more gruesome. death of one king, um
the destruction of of one kingdom by
another, but a man who, you know, the
what was left of the Anglo-Saxons
uh at that time, they sort of embraced
the Norman way of life. I mean, it was a
complete conquer. I mean, we were we
were conquered by the French and we they
took over. Uh and then we slowly pushed
back and we anglicized everything and we
kind of got our revenge over the next
two or 30 hundred years.
>> Yeah. So Mron admitted really that we
have the king to thank for this tapestry
because he he sort of said in his
speech, look, we put up many barriers to
prevent this happening, although we
agreed to let you have the tapestry for
eight years. We sort of came up with
lots of excuses why we weren't really
going to do it. And then um when he had
that visit from the king in 2023, the
king had a word in his ear. And so
whatever barriers he'd put up to
cooperation, he brought down. And so
that's why we have the tapestry now.
Well, thanks to the charming whispers in
in his ear from the king.
>> Royal soft power in action. Uh to just
another note of uh modernday statecraft,
Richard Eden, we are expecting a state
visit uh from a least in country. Tell
us about this.
>> This is Aman. Um the we have a state
visit from Iman um later this year. I
think it's in um October, which will be
something to look forward to on this
program. We love state visits. or the
pump or the flags in the mouth. But
isn't a man in the country that Donald
Trump was threatening to bomb recently?
>> Well, it might well have been [laughter]
there's a long lot.
There's there's a few. Um
>> well, this is anyway we're sort of
mending fences clearly with our um
government, but no, man's has long been
a close ally of Britain, very important
strategically in in the Gulf. And um I'm
sure that will be um very jolly visit.
Well, we'll absolutely cover it here on
Palace Confidential. Now, meanwhile,
we'll come to some of the other roles a
bit later in the program, but Prince
Harry and Megan Markle's shock return to
the UK continues to dominate the
headlines. And President Donald Trump,
who Richard just mentioned a moment ago,
made his opinion clear on their return
to the UK. Um, Charlotte, remind us what
did he say?
>> Well, he said, uh, if I was the royal
family, I'd never speak to him again. he
rad over spare um and how badly he
William was treated in spare and said
you know he said terrible things about
um William and we know Trump loves
William and then he said that Megan uh
has a horrible influence over him
whatever that means. Uh so yeah he said
if I was the king I wouldn't welcome him
back. Um but he did he did admit that
you know maybe he's the king's a better
person than he is. Yeah, he said he was
actually happy because he was not a fan.
Um, Richard, quite strong words from a
from a a president. Does make you wonder
if, you know, they were sort of fleeing
Donald Trump's America, doesn't it? But
no, I mean, there's a long history
there, isn't there? We know that Megan
um before she met Harry was um rude
about Donald Trump, called him a
misogynist and various things, and he's
never been a great admirer of of hers.
Um but yeah, it's it's interesting. I
mean the the thing is to be honest
Donald Trump in Britain is very
unpopular and so when he attacks Harry
and Megan that probably makes them it
actually gains them popularity. So it's
it's not um you know whereas some people
may agree with what he says um in in
Britain that actually boosts them. Um I
would say
>> unfortunately I think Megan would be
only too happy that the the president of
the United States is making a comment
about her living arrangements. That's
kind of a that's an ego boost if
[laughter] ever I heard one.
>> I mean, Richard Richard Kay, I mean, the
flip side to that, I suppose, is that
maybe it boosts Trump's popularity here
among people who who aren't fans of the
>> Well, it may well do. I mean, I'm afraid
that won't help Mr. Trump in the
upcoming midterms, but uh
>> you never know. [laughter]
>> All uh fascinating stuff. Um this leads
us nicely on uh to the latest on the
pair uh over here in the UK. Richard
Eden, we understand they're living in a
spare house on the land of of a wealthy
friend.
>> Yes. It's all a very sensitive subject
because we have been, you know, warned
by Harry Megan that they don't want um
their home to be identified in the same
way they don't want the name of their
children's school to be identified and
we've been respecting that. Um but we
understand they're staying. They've been
guests um at home on an estate of of a
rich friend. Um, and so as always, it's
very ha handy to have rich friends who
can afford to not just put you in their
spare room in the loft, but I mean,
look, remember, who can forget those
images of of Harry, you know, knocking
on some random door in London. It was
never quite clear why he was doing that,
why he was so in such a hurry to to find
someone. Um, but at least he hasn't had
to rely on, you know, knocking on a door
and asking for a spare room. He's
managed to to find a spare house
somewhere nice, presumably within a
drive of the children's school. Nice
position to be in have a spare house,
could say. Um, Charlotte's Allison
Boschoff has reported on what they're
apparently uh looking for in a home.
What is on the Sussex's wish list?
>> Well, according to Allison, a film
studio. Although, I say they're quite
big. I mean, it's one thing having a
yoga studio, but a film studio. Uh, nine
bedrooms. Actually, you know, I think
that probably is about right because by
the time you've accounted for staff and
nannies and Doria, she comes to visit um
the children, nine bedrooms sounds about
right.
>> Well, not too bad, is it? I wouldn't say
no to nine bedrooms. Um but, you know,
there is one brochure that I've seen
which I can't identify, but it sort of
fits the bill. Minus the film studio. I
have to say it doesn't have a film
studio. Um but you know, the house is
much bigger. I have to say when I saw
the brochure, if it is the right one, I
was surprised by how huge it was, how
many bedrooms there were, and how
expensive it was. So, they're they're
not they're not on their uppers.
>> Well, look what they're giving up, you
know. So, how many bathrooms do
Monteceto have? 16.
>> 14.
>> Sorry, I must correct you, Charlotte. I
think it's 14 and a half.
>> Now, I was always intrigued by that
half. What is What exactly is half a
bathroom? a bday. [laughter]
>> But that's I mean that is an important
point certainly given how much this
Monteita home meant to them. I mean it
was the basis seemingly of Megan's
business. It was talked about at length
in documentaries. So you know this this
one will have to match up won't it?
>> Well I mean remember that she started
her company. It was all inspired by it
wasn't it? It was going to be American
Riviera Orchard inspired by their their
home where they no longer live. I wonder
if this new Cotswwell's one though will
be Dalesfordesque kind of UK version of
that. Um because it's certainly the
brochure I've seen it would make for a
very nice setting for some marketing
shots.
>> We we'll have to wait and see on that.
One of the the things that's come up
which is quite interesting. Page Six
were reporting um that uh there was a
very wealthy um British hedge funer who
has helped finance the the Sussex's move
in a way, a man called Ian Ways. Richard
uh K it's people might find that quite
interesting why members of the royal
family people who've got had made these
big deals with Netflix and Spotify and
book deals and so on why they might be
relying on another wealthy person to to
help them out in this in this
>> well of course it might account for the
reason why they managed to hold on to
their money. Uh they gravitate to rich
people who pick up the bills for them.
There is something about royalty which
dazzles people. people want to be seen
to be part of a royal circle. Um but
along the way of course um royals have
made some very curious and very possibly
quite damaging choices over the years.
Okay, Prince Andrew Jeffrey Epstein is
the one which has all the red warning
lights around it. Um but King Charles
also uh had a proclivity for cultivating
very wealthy people with very dubious
backgrounds. Armand Hammer for example
who flew him and Princess Diana around
the world on his private jet on numerous
occasions uh was a very rich man but he
was also uh a KGB agent um you know
>> unfortunately
>> which was incredibly embarrassing. And
then there was um a a Greek shipping
tycoon called John Latis. That's how his
name was anglicized. Latis provided his
yacht for Charles on numerous occasions.
Charles, Camila, William, they've all
been on that yacht. And Latis in his
homeland was viewed very much as a
gangster. So it is it is tricky for
them. But you you you know, you touched
on a on a very important question.
They've got enough money to look after
themselves. Why do they need rich people
to fund them?
>> The the other question which has come up
in some reporting recently, Richard
Eden, is that they may need help as you
know they're not planning to make any
money here commercially.
>> I have to say it's really intriguing
what's going on, isn't it? because it
was in a previous report by our
colleague Allison Boschov um that she
said there was some sort of agreement
almost with the palace or certainly an
intention from Harry and Megan that um
they would only continue with commercial
activities outside Britain and so they
wouldn't be u mixing up um charity work
and engagements in Britain with money
making but it's not clear then well then
how are they going to be making their
money um Because all we know for
definite is that Megan's continuing with
her lifestyle business which doesn't
even trade in Britain. It's at all from
from the US and they're continuing with
their production work in terms of film
and television. Um but it's quite a
strange situation. What exactly is Harry
going to be doing here?
>> This mysterious film studio [laughter]
hearing about this TV studio what it is.
I mean presumably that will be used for
commercial activities if it's here.
Maybe it's a screening room rather than
a studio, a film making studio.
>> That is the preserve of the wealthy to
have a have a nice cinema room, isn't
it?
>> Show their greatest hits.
>> He does have a plan in mind though for a
social enterprise platform, but it never
really came to anything. I've just while
you were speaking, it reminded me he
cooked it up about nine months ago,
maybe a year ago, and it never came to
anything. It's like a a commercial
venture, and it's a social enterprise. I
I don't know what that means. I assume
>> I'll be honest. I don't actually know
what that means.
>> No, but I just remember that this was
talked about about a year ago and it
he's waiting for the right moment to get
it off the ground. So maybe that's what
he'll do.
>> What? Like a Princess Trust, do you
mean?
>> Yeah, it's a sort of social media
enterprise. Um they were they did not
have um much detail on it when I first
started looking into it a year ago and I
just think it didn't come to anything.
But I wonder whether they will revive
that plan or not.
>> Well, you it's interesting you mentioned
the Prince's Trust. Um, Richard, because
you'd have thought if everything had
stayed amicable. We know that William
wanted to do his own project, he
wouldn't he didn't want the Prince's
Trust.
>> Yeah.
>> That could have been a perfect vehicle
for Harry, couldn't it?
>> And there would have been a ready-made
house for him as well. He could have had
High Grove House. Charles would have
been thrilled if either William or Harry
had taken it on. Neither of them wanted
it.
>> And it it does raise interesting
questions, Charlotte, like what he's
going to do. Do we expect him
now that some of his other charitable
enterprise he's no longer connected to?
We talked about Africa Parks um last
week I think um now that he's not got
those presumably he'll want to pick up
other military patronages that sort of
thing. What would you think? I think
he's definitely in the market for some
new patronages and I think military is
the right way to go because there he
just has a great he does have a great
way of of working with wounded
servicemen of course and he seems to not
run into any calamitous situations when
it comes to invictus so and people do
praise him even his you know biggest
detractors say that he Invictus is an
amazing charity so I I can imagine that
after next summer once he's got the
Birmingham games over and out out of the
way he'll be looking for some more big
charitable patronages in that area.
>> The thing about that, Richard Kay, is it
sort of inevitably makes you think, are
they going to clash with whatever the
king doing, what the rest of the royals
are doing. And it is, we understand,
it's been briefed that the palace know
nothing of Harry's life and his plans.
Um, that's a potential problem, isn't
it?
>> It is a potential problem, and I'm sure
it's true. I bet they don't know any of
his plans because this has been Harry's
tactic to sort of blindside them. either
whether it's deliberately or maliciously
we don't really know or or carelessly.
Um but I think it is a huge problem for
them going forward and and it and at the
moment it's sort of unresolvable. Um
anything that if if Harry were to take
up military patronages they would
attract attention. That kind of
attention would almost certainly detract
from what the working royals were doing.
Those issues are are just going to
multiply. It seems to me
>> I thought it was interesting that the
Working royals um put it out there this
week that it's business as usual and
they're doing lots of events but it's
nothing to do with Megan and Harry.
That's not the reason they're doing lots
of events, i.e. to try and outshine
them. It's just business as usual. And I
thought, well, that's nobody asked you,
you know, it's almost that they were
defending themselves a little bit too
much. So, obviously, it's a sensitive
area for them this events clashing. Um
and and in September, that is when Harry
traditionally does do the WellChild
Awards and other events.
potentially only going to get worse.
You'd have thought if if more more of
this is um when when they get up to
speed is
>> well I mean there is a there's this
running theme through all this that this
is is also being seen as an opportunity
uh for the royal family to actually put
their own foot down, do more, get out
more. You and I have talked about this a
lot. Um and you know there are gaps in
the calendar year where royals are thin
on the ground apart from dear old
princess an um you know Harry could
easily step in and try and fill those
gaps. interesting word you used a moment
ago, Richard, was unresolvable. Um,
because I think that leads us a bit on
to our next talking point, which is an
interesting article that Charlotte wrote
on Sunday, where she suggested that
despite his seemingly calm demeanor, the
Duke of Sussex has returned to the UK
just as angry as when he left six years
ago and that he is, I quote, spitting
blood at members of the royal family and
also expects an apology. Uh, Charlotte,
tell us what you found. Then it it does
sound like if this is the case things
are really unresolvable.
>> Yeah. So well what happened was of
course once Harry touched down in the UK
in Birmingham I started hitting the
phones you know a number of his old
friends may not have chatted to him for
some time and some people have heard
from Harry since he's got back and I
think because some of them have slightly
lost touch with him um or not spoken to
him for several months they have been
probably reading the papers and reading
this narrative that Harry's here to make
up and it can't wait to see Camila and
Charles and it's all cushy and all
lovely but they were surprised when
actually that was not what they got down
you know the end of the phone or through
friends from Harry
>> I'm sure they delighted to hear from Mr.
angry
>> and he's just how it was described to me
was it was like it was this these
sources were actually a bit worried
about him because they said it was like
picking up the phone to Harry in 2020.
It was like the Oprah interview
narrative was still going quite strong
and they feared for him because they
they'd hoped that he'd learned or grown
in these six years, but I don't know if
he has as much as those around him do
push out this narrative that you know
he's changed and I know Omid Scobby said
he's changed and he's here see the air
of his ways. I just don't think that's
the case. Possibly towards his father it
is. I just don't know if it is with
other people in the royal family. And um
yes, it'll be interesting. I think there
will still be fireworks and it's a bit
disappointing really because I'd hoped
that he might have learned at least one
lesson from
>> Does this mean our old friend Scobby is
no longer speaking for Harry and Megan
because you know just the other day he
was saying how Harry was a new man they
weren't the same people that as when
they left and it sounds from what you're
telling me he's exactly the same person
[clears throat] kind of begs the
question well then why are they here
>> you know if if if he's still the same
angry young man
>> and if this place makes him so angry why
go back to the source of your anger
>> don't forget Yeah, the Guardian printed
a an interview with him a few months ago
from Ukraine and there was a little
moment where this slipped out and he was
quite angry and he had a kind of
outburst and I remember the Sussex kind
of team around him at the time were
thinking, "Oh dear, we've been trying to
say the opposite of this. Harry, please
can you just pipe down a bit?" But it
slipped out because you know that's how
he really feels.
>> So we can take that he he won't be
offering apology first.
>> Oh yeah. So this is how the apology
thing came up. the sources said, "Oh,
well, I don't think he's going to be
giving out an apology as all all the
media are saying, and it's people are
speculating on on X." If anything, it's
the other way round. You know, he he'd
quite like an apology still. So, that's
how that that came out.
>> Um, Richard Eden, potentially, we're
heading for more buss then, possibly. I
don't know. Could there be more angry
interviews? Could there be more tension
behind the scenes? Well, the key thing
is that Harry and Megan both do need to
apologize for any sort of healing to
begin. You know, they're the ones that
have insulted the royal family. They're
the ones that have betrayed confidences.
And so, for any um start, it's all very
well sort of speculating about what
Harry Megan might do, but they have to
um they're the ones that need to offer
those olive branches, but it seems from
what Charlotte's reporting that it's
it's the other way round is what they're
expecting. And that's no way to be um
returning here. And one of the sources
often potentially of this conflict
seemingly seems to be over the legacy of
of their mother, the late Princess
Diana. Um Richard K, that that doesn't
seem to going away. That that's the
tension the tension there.
>> Well, it's not going to go away. And it
has um you know it has dominated the
thinking around both William and Harry
uh for the last 10 years I would say
since they made nine years ago when they
made those um documentaries to mark
their mother's 20th death of their
mother's life and um that was the last
time that really that they were in step
together and um I'm told that Harry one
of the reasons why he's here is to make
a television film his own film about his
mother. I know he's been reaching out to
his friends and others who knew her
asking them to contribute. So I think
that's going to occupy a lot of his
headsp space over the next 12 months. Um
and of course it it throws up that old
canard. You know people kind of always
link Harry to to Diana but she was
mother of two boys. You know William is
just as much his mother's son as Harry
is. And um Harry has tried to claim uh
the Diana legacy for himself. To
William's intense frustration, he he he
does not bang on about his mother all
the time. He does when it's from at
various points. He has done at various
points in his life. But uh this issue of
trying to use Diana, the Spencer brand,
the Spencer name to sort of divide
himself away from the House of Windsor,
I think is something we're going to see
even more of because let's not forget
who he spent time with when he was here
in July. And it was Diana's family uh at
Oral.
>> And we're going to hear the version of
events from his uncle L. Spencer
>> in in the coming months who's bringing
out his book, the first time he's
written about his sister A fascinating
one that will be too. Um, on the on the
subject though of Diana and the Diana
Awards, Charlotte,
>> Harry and Megan were rumored, we
understand, to be attending an event um,
very soon, but that event is now being
cancelled.
>> Yes. First of all, I'll just clarify
that the Diana Award is an award
ceremony that's happening next year, but
it's also the name of the charity, which
is very confusing. So, this event that
was supposed to be happening on se
September the 18th was a an uh a dinner
for the Diana Award, but was not the
Diana Awards, but it was going to be a
high-profile dinner at the OO, which is
the old war office at raffles, i.e.
very, very top tier sort of place
>> and a fundraiser
>> and it was supposed to be a fundraiser.
So, lots of very, very, very wealthy
people buying tables, attending this
event, donating money. Um, Zack Abel was
due to be performing and then yesterday
I got a message. The whole thing's been
cancelled alto together and I I
personally believe there's been
wrangling behind the scenes very much
the tune of what you're saying which is
that the Diana Award is a charity that
Harry and William are both the patron
of. It's the last remaining charity and
I get the very clear impression having
worked um on a lot of things to do with
the diner award this summer and speaking
with them a lot that they walk a very
fine line between Harry and William as
you can imagine but not wanting to upset
William and they made it very clear this
is you know 50% um William's charity and
Harry's charity and they take it in
turns the two brothers to host events so
I think it was in June William hosted an
event at the Truman Brewery for the Dian
Award and So now technically it's
Harry's turn to host an event or be
involved in an event. And this event was
meant to be involving Harry. And Harry
naturally, I gather, wanted his wife
there, but this for whatever reason,
this was always not really going to
happen. Megan was not going to be
involved in this event. Um, and then in
the event, in the end, the whole event
was cancelled yesterday, which is quite
a major thing to do. We're only 16 days
away. It's a black tie dinner. They've
got a performer booked. Um, so I think
Rich and I, we're going to do some
digging this week and try and find out
exactly what happened um and report it
for this weekend. That's the plan.
>> And there's there's a suggestion there,
isn't there, that there is obviously
some communication between teams to
someone if it's not necessarily direct
to each other.
>> Yeah. And maybe the Diana Award is one
of their last kind of forms of
communication, you know, because clearly
the Diana would have to check any plans
they have with Harry with William, you
know, is it okay if Harry brings his
wife? Possibly not. or Prince William. I
don't know. So maybe this is the last
vehicle they have. And I just get the
impression there's been some serious
wrangling behind the scenes
>> on the subject of um William and Harry's
um relationship harmony um
disqu
Harry and Megan are back in the United
Kingdom and the big question now is
what's going to happen to the
relationship that he once had with his
brother Prince William. William and
Katherine have not reached out. They
haven't spoken for the best part of four
years. As I understand it, the official
line coming from the Wales is that they
are not engaging with uh Harry and
Megan. Well, at some stage they are
going to have to engage because they
can't not engage forever. I would have
thought that in the first instance there
would need to be a private meeting
between Harry and William and and
presumably Katherine and Megan too where
they can sort of hammer out some kind of
official line uh even if it's sort of
grip and grin in public but at least
show that there is some kind of public
spirited sense of a reunion between the
two. Let's not forget that not long
before Christmas, the Princess of Wales
hosts her own Christmas carol concert at
Westminster Abbey and it is all about
the spirit of reconciliation and she
welcomes many members of the royal
family. Are Harry and Megan going to be
invited? And if they're not, will people
suggest that that is a snub? The
question to my mind is one of of timing.
Of course, at some stage there will have
to be, as I say, a reconciliation. I'm
not expecting it within days, but it
clearly can't be allowed to fester for
weeks or months. The public won't stand
for it. William must feel he's been put
in a very difficult position, but he's
also the heir to the throne. He knows
that above all his responsibility
to the monarchy to the institution uh
has to take first place. So he will have
to put whatever personal differences he
has to one side and let's see it will
happen but it may not happen soon.
Richard, you're arguing uh in this in
this video piece you made for voices on
on dailymail.com,
um you're arguing that William, because
of his position as heir to the throne,
will have to find a way to communicate
with his brothers, not necessarily be
friends with him, but they will have to
be some form of of communication.
>> There'll have to be they'll have to work
out some sort of modus operandi.
Otherwise, I can't see any any way
forward um for the monarchy because we
will be focus with laser light intensity
on the division and and and there's an
old cliche about it, you know, a a
divided monarchy is a monarchy that will
fall and and I think because of
William's unique position um a as the
future king, it is incumbent on him. Now
I know Richard Eden is going to take
great umbrage at this because he doesn't
feel that there should be any kind of uh
offer on on Williams part which I kind
of get. Um but I do feel for the good of
the monarchy for the institution for the
country there has to be some kind of uh
offer and I think the offer has to come
from William. But I well I don't believe
and I I haven't said by the way in that
piece that William owes his brother any
kind of apology. The apology should be
coming the other way.
>> I know you disagree with him slightly as
you said. You've written a column if
dailymail.com today about it. Tell us
about that.
>> Yes, I have. I certainly agree with
Richard that the apology should come
from from Harry first. Um but from what
I've told the plan is for William and
Katherine to ignore Harry and Megan and
friends of theirs say that um sort of
what why shouldn't they do anything
different? they will carry on doing what
they do, which is carrying out public
engagements, focusing on public duties.
And the fact that you've got two people
who are now private citizens who are not
working royals here should make no
difference whether they're in California
or or Britain. Um I mean, look, to me,
the thing is it's like a spoiled child.
I mean, if you you give in to this
child, what do they do? They just demand
more. I mean, it's bad enough that
they've come back now um seemingly, you
know, angry as ever and they've got what
they wanted in terms of they've been
entertained by the king and queen at
High Grove. Um they're back. They'll be
taking part in all various um sort of
public engagements of their own and and
they're acting like royals. And in fact,
Harry has said, "I'm still a working
royal." Um, but if you indulge them more
and say, "Oh, you know, try and I'll be
nice to you or here's an olive branch
and all of this," all he'll do is just
demand more and more. So, you've got to
be firm with them or it will lead, I
think, you know, to the end of the
monarchy.
>> Is there a way of being firm, Richard,
and at the same time communicating? I
think there is a way of [clears throat]
of being firm and and you know uh
William is a very uh principled man and
he could he could deliver that ultimatum
to his brother. Um I think that's fine
Richard as far as it goes but that could
go on for years and years and years. I
mean surely that's as damaging um to the
institution as Harry popping up and
doing things much to their annoyance. I
mean, surely the old cliche about being
inside the tent looking out rather than
outside the tent looking in applies in
this case.
>> Yeah. In Richard's um very compelling
video, he he um cited the example of um
Princess of Wales Katherine's regular
carol service which she hosts in the
run-up to Christmas. It's broadcast here
on Christmas Eve, but it's actually
filmed a couple of weeks earlier. And
that's always a chance to invite um the
extended royal family. And so Richard
says, you know, it'd be extraordinary if
um Harry and Megan and their children
obviously who are cousins of William and
Katherine's children are not invited.
And I think, you know, that's a very
good example. Uh but look, I mean,
Katherine is a very generous person and
maybe maybe she will invite them, but
that doesn't mean that um she, you know,
necessarily wants to be involved with
them again. It's just a gesture to um
members of the family.
>> Richard, there's the other thing because
we were just talking about the diner
award. There's a very big anniversary
next year and no doubt will be an awful
lot. Not just maybe not just a film but
also events and things to mock um the
the sad day that will inevitably force
them together in some way surely. I mean
will they be able to mark it separately?
Is is that not so? I mean, the last time
they did anything together to mark their
mother was that awfully awkward
unveiling of the of the statue in
Kensington Gardens in what would have
been on what would have been Donna's
60th birthday. Um, a few years ago, uh,
and it was embarrassing because the body
language had just told you everything
about the state of play between the two
of them. Yeah. I mean, I don't know
what's planned for next year, um, or how
much they're going to make of their
their mother's uh, 30th anniversary.
Clearly, Harry wants to do something,
but is this what is the incentive for
William? Maybe he wants to do a film.
Maybe he'll want to do something, too.
Um, I we really don't know, but it it
clearly is going to sort of dominate um
the the royal uh hinterland, if you
like. Um, you know, poor king will be
sort of despairing that the ghost of his
his late wife is still haunting him all
these years later. Um, and he can never
really shake it off. I would say there
is a solution here that the king can
bring in. He can say to Harry Megan,
look, if you want to rejoin the royal
family and become working royals again,
great. We will accept you. If you, you
know, apologize first, give up the
moneymaking. Or alternatively, the king
should strip them of everything. Yes,
they're here, but then they would be
here as entirely private citizens, and
they would no longer be um Duke and
Duchess of Sussex, and their children
wouldn't be here as prince and princess.
I So I But he needs to be firm, but it
will take it would be brave of him. Um
Charlotte, I've left you out of this um
very civilized debate, I must say. Very,
[laughter]
very respectful. What do you think?
Well, for example, the Diana Awards is
happening next summer, and that will be
one of many events um in the buildup to
this 30th anniversary that it will be
embarrassing if they can't be in the
same room. The last time there was a big
Diner Awards event that William and
Harry both attended, Harry would only
appear on video link from a screen in a
separate room from William and only once
William had left the building, even
though Harry was in California and
William was in London. So, imagine how
awkward it's going to be when they are
both in London. And even if they're if
Megan and Harry's titles are stripped,
that doesn't make him not Diana's son or
not 50% patron of this charity. So,
there's going to be more and more events
like this, I think, especially in the
buildup to next summer. Um, when it's
going to be just so awkward that they're
going to have to address it. And the
other thing I was thinking of from your
voices piece is the Buckingham Palace
Christmas lunch, which all the
completely wider widest widest possible
circle of roars are invited to. So,
there's really no reason not to invite
Megan and Harry if they're not in the
UK. And possibly that is part of their
motivation for coming here because they
will they'll have to be invited to these
things. They can't just blame California
anymore.
>> I mean, remember Harry's grandmother,
Queen Elizabeth? She made clear in her
statements about you know, so-called
Mexit that they'll always be welcome,
much loved members of the family. But
that was before everything they did.
That was before they um you know gave an
Oprah interview while the Queen's
husband was in hospital. It turned out
you know he he was dying. They went
ahead with that. you know there was even
while the queen was very ill you know
Harry was busy um giving his interviews
to his ghost writer preparing his book
you know so I don't know it's it's it's
a difficult situation but I do think the
solution in my opinion is in the king's
hands
>> if you want to read Richard's column um
watch Richard's video or or read
Charlotte's piece about Harry to our
description below where we'll put links
to all of those. Now, we want to hear
your thoughts on this debate, too. So,
obviously, let us know in the comments,
but we made it the topic of last week's
poll, too. And we asked, should Prince
William reconcile with his brother? 6%
of you thought that William should reach
out for the sake of the country. 11% of
you said that William should apologize,
but only if Harry does first, but a
whopping 83% of you voted no, William
should not apologize, as he's better off
keeping his distance. I wonder if any of
you changed your minds after our
discussion. Uh now to take part in next
week's poll, you can sign up to the
Palace Confidential Newsletter. It's a
free weekly email full of royal news and
views from our experts here and some of
who are not here today. Uh to sign up,
all you need to do is to scan the QR
code which is on screen now with your
phone's camera. Alternatively, you can
click the link that's in the description
below along with uh their articles. And
now, while the Richards cool down after
their heated debate,
let's have a look at some of your
comments. Uh, under last week's episode,
Terry E commented, "Dear Palace
Confidential, one of the things that I
haven't seen mentioned is this. It takes
months to get your children into a
public school in the Cotsworld doesn't
happen overnight. There are limited
spaces. They had to be filled up by last
May." So, Harry and Megan have had to
have started that process many, many
months ago. It just couldn't have just
happened in the last month. So, this has
been planned for some time, and they've
just been lying about it to everyone,
including the media and their own
family. Charlotte, is Terry right in
saying that Harry and Megan must have
started this process earlier than it
seems?
>> Uh, Terry is so right, but slightly the
wrong reason because actually public
schools in the country, country prep
schools are not overs subscribed, even
the very hard to get into ones. Um,
these days it is quite easy to get in.
Um, so I've never believed this
narrative that um, Megan and Harry told
the king two weeks before um, because
they only found out two weeks before
that they were getting the school placed
because I refuse to believe that a
country prep board voting school uh,
wouldn't accept a seven-year-old cuz
he's not eight yet. Um, especially a
royal one and only give them two weeks
notice. You know, I just can't imagine
that happening. But it is true to say
that they started looking, I think, in
at least May. Um because you heard and I
heard that they were looking at schools
and that they were planning to look for
schools. I heard they were planning to
look for schools during the July visit.
Um but we weren't clear on exactly what
school whether what age group of school
that was. So we were hearing it as far
back as May. So I think they were
looking that far back. Um but I just
don't quite I just can't imagine any
school would say we're not going to tell
you Megan and Harry until two weeks
before term.
>> You have to get a bit bit bit more
preparation in there. Now, the other
thing is worth noting, private schools
in the UK, which we often call public
schools as well, rather confusingly, um
they are suffering something of a crisis
at the moment. They're having to um
people having to pay tax on the fees and
that is causing uh big drops in numbers
and indeed some schools having to having
to close entirely. To Jane Ba now, she
had this to say about the prospect of
the couple receiving taxpayer funded
security. She writes, "My mother is a
hundred years old and on her low
pension, she paid £134 income tax last
year. Are we saying this old lady should
be paying towards Harry's and family's
security?" Now, maybe the answer comes
from Denise Mloud who had this
suggestion. Remember, even Edward VII
wasn't a forced exile. He accepted an
agreement never to return to live in the
UK, and in return, he received a pension
for life. Maybe they need to pay off
Harry to stay away. Would that work?
Could they pay him off enough? I mean,
they they they seem to have um quite big
appetites for cash.
>> They certainly do. I mean, they could
certainly give him a stipend and that is
a quite a good id solution. Um but it
would but they're so greedy. They'd want
so much money. Um it would probably be
financially impossible. Um I I do feel
there's a bit of a I have some sympathy
over the whole security issue. Um Harry
in my view should have um police
protection because uh he he was a former
serving army officer um for various
[snorts] reasons that's that has put him
at risk in danger if you like and he was
a a working royal for many years and was
brought up in that security bubble. Um,
the issue I always I always had was
about whether that should be
transferable and I never thought we
should have to pay for our police
officers to go overseas with them when
they were living in in California. But
again, I mean Rich and I are on on
different sides of this particular page.
>> But it is I mean just to be clear, there
are many former servicemen who don't get
security. We know many people. But it's
because of his unique position as a
royal and very a very highprofile
target. Yeah, of course there are other
soldiers uh who don't get it. Then we we
can't protect everybody, but you know,
we have to protect those people who who
are judged to be vulnerable and or
potential threat. Another question I'm
going to come back to you, Richard Kay,
on this uh is from Gerard now, who had
this to say after we wished Richard
Glouester a happy birthday last week. He
asks, "Your highlighting of Prince
Richard raises a question I've had for a
while. What is the difference between
someone like Prince Richard maintaining
his own career while sometimes
fulfilling royal functions and Prince
Harry is being forbidden from being half
in half out? What precludes Harry from
having the same status as Prince
Richard? I'm not a fan of Team Sussex.
I'm just curious. Uh Richard Kate, I
think this one does occasionally come
up, but it's perhaps based on slightly
incorrect reading of of the Duke of
Glouster's role.
>> I think it is. Everyone has has been
brought up to believe that the Duke of
Glouester was one of those few members
of the royal family that had a job, went
out to work 9 to5. He was an architect.
He he studied uh architecture at
Cambridge and then joined a practice and
he also worked in in the public sector
for a while. But all that changed um in
1972 when his elder brother, Prince
William, who was destined to be the next
Duke of Glouester, was killed in a in a
air accident. And um Richard took over
his his brother's role. And a couple of
years later, their father, the Duke of
Glouester, who was the brother of King
George V 6, died and he became Duke of
Gloucester himself and a working royal.
And he has been a a working royal ever
since. um low-key for sure and and for
many years people thought that he was
still doing his architectural work
because you rarely saw them. Well, those
were in the days when the royal family
was wide and there a huge number picking
up a lot of the slack. But now he's part
of that core group of of a handful who
who support the king. And so I think
that's where the confusion comes from.
>> And there he is probably busier than
lots of people realize working on his
projects and going out around the
country. He is and he, you know, he's
again, he's a man in his 80s um and he's
still working full-time. Uh
>> I hope that answers your question,
Gerard. We also received this question
from Thistle, who asked, "Do you think
Prince William and Katherine, Princess
of Wales, will allow their children to
meet and have regular playdates with the
Sussex children?" Um Richard, this
recalls the discussion just now. We
talked about the Carol Service where all
the all the royal children are sort of
front and center. Do you see this ever
happening? I don't know about ever
happening. Obviously, I can't predict
the future, but I I think William and
Katherine's children have met Princess
Lily only once perhaps. So, you know,
very rare occasion. I mean, I think it's
it's it would be clear that the parents
would have to reconcile first. I don't
they're not going to be arranging
playdates for the children until the
parents get on. Um, so certainly as
things stand, I can't see that
happening. And it is very sad. And I
remember that when Harry came over last
September, he was lamenting how his
children were missing out on that close
sort of family network that um his
children's cousins were enjoying in the
case of um Charlotte, Louie, and and
George. Um that they had built up this
close network. And so I think Harry was
feeling that his children were missing
out in America. And that's one of the
reasons he's keen to get them back and
get them in school. But anyway, who
knows what the future holds.
>> No, but you can be sure we'll be
covering the future here on on Palace
Confidential. Now, last week we spoke
about the King and Queen's upcoming tour
of the Caribbean, and we asked if we had
any viewers watching from there. And as
usual, our Palace Confidential viewers
delivered. I don't think there's ever
been a country I've called out. We
haven't found a viewer from. Um, first
uh go first of our comments comes from
Natalie Pierre who commented, "Love your
show. watching from the beautiful
Trinidad and Tobago. Thank you for
tuning in, Natalie. We also heard from
Henrieta Lo, who said, "Hello, I'm from
the Bahamas. Happy that King will be
visiting here. I'm on the island of
Abaco where Prince William and Princess
Katherine visited in 2022 during the
Jubilee." What a lovely part of the
world to live in. We'll also put some
pictures of Katherine and William on
their trip to Abbeac on screen now. Um,
it's always lovely to hear from viewers
around the world. In fact, one of my
favorite things since we started this
show all those years ago is is is
hearing from you and viewers from around
the world. We we are so lucky to to have
a global audience. Um this week, um
sticking slightly more closer to home
geographically, we wanted to give a
special mention to our Norwegian viewers
who sadly lost uh their King Harold uh
on the 28th of August. There's been a
big outpouring of grief and that reminds
us when we lost our own Queen Elizabeth
and we're sending our viewers in Norway
our deepest condolences. Please feel
free to share your tributes to to Harold
in the comments. We'd love to hear from
them. Um we looked at his life and and
some of the controversies you could say
around the Norwegian royal family in
recent years in a special episode of
Eden's Royals that went out earlier this
week. Richard, tell us just briefly
about it. Yes, this is about the
Norwegian royal family and what the
future holds for them because you know
King Harold's death comes like you say
Queen Elizabeth who's very wellrespected
monarch but there are various
controversies with their family which
make some of ours look quite minor by
comparison. I mean just to give one
example the swearing in ceremony for the
new um king Harken the eighth um his
wife Metimara wasn't present because she
was suffering complications from the
lung transplant which she had in June.
So she has serious health problems and
then there are controversies surrounding
Herkin's um sister in Martha Louise and
her um choice of husband um Durk Verrett
who is a shaman who can communicate with
aliens. Now we have many interesting we
have many interesting members of our
royal family but no one to my knowledge
who can communicate with [laughter]
aliens.
>> I don't know any others you've been
doing this longer than anyone. Do you
know anyone who can?
>> No, I don't. And of course, the other
thing the other striking visual from the
uh from that that moment when the when
the crown passed in Norway was the
appearance of uh the new king's uh
stepson who's under house arrest for
multiple uh uh sexual offenses that he's
been convicted of. Um again, we don't
have anyone quite as controversial as
that in the heart of our royal family.
>> No, it's it's quite an extraordinary
story. Well worth a watch, I'd say. Um,
a much more minor controversy though,
Richard, bubbled up in the comments
under that program. That was how you and
I were pronouncing the names of the
Norwegian royals. Um, you know, I think
it should be something more like Hawin
or Hen. That that's that's what seems to
be the thrust of it. And we were saying
more Harold rather than Harold. What did
you make of that? You you're going to
make it a public mayor cultural apology.
[laughter]
I
>> I beg for forgiveness from our Norwegian
viewers. We've actually been recording a
string of programs about foreign royal
families. Now, yeah, this might seem
very jolly to you, but it's a blooming
nightmare for me trying to pronounce all
these names. So, anyway, if I've said
Harkin, I think I pronounced it instead
of Harken. I I am a poor Englishman who
struggles with my Norwegian. But, um,
anyway, great language. What I was going
to say is we do in a in a future episode
we touch on some of the Spanish royalty
and Richard's pronunciation of the
Spanish roles unimprovable. [laughter]
Perfect. Now, like I said, if you missed
that episode, don't worry, it will play
straight after this. And we've also
dedicated this week's montage, the
special relationship between the
Norwegian and British royal family. So,
do stay tuned uh for that. Uh we are
going to stick with you, Mr. Eden just
for a moment as yes it's time
Richard's back and that means we can
have sockwatch once more. Richard um
what are you wearing and which kind
viewers sent them in? Yeah, these are a
lovely pair which already very close to
my heart because they show images of hot
dogs and they were sent in honor of me
trying my first um New York hot dog
while we we had a great visit to America
earlier this year. They were sent in by
someone actually from Chicago, Corin
Hines. So, thank you very much to them
and um yeah, they're great. They're
actually making me a bit hungry now. I'm
looking forward to lunch already.
>> You were I have to say as the person who
was filming you that day, you were not
impressed by the New York hot dog
particularly, but then everyone in the
comments told us apparently the Chicago
ones are are better. We're not we're not
going to get
>> Look, I took a lot of criticism over
that because people were saying that
where we bought them from was just one
of those stalls, you know, in the street
and they were describing them as roach
coaches was the phrase that came up
quite a lot. And so they were saying
that was not the best example of um you
know, New York hot dogs.
Um well, thanks again to Corinheind. Uh
we they are they're a classy pair, I'd
say. And like I said, making us hungry.
We spoke a lot about Sussex's new home
in the UK. Let's remind us just briefly
on a story about their old one in
Monteceito. Um, your car your colleague
Caroline Graham interviewed some of the
Sussex's um, California neighbors. Maybe
that should be former California
neighbors. I think it's safe to say the
general impression of the couple was not
an overwhelmingly positive one. Caroline
Graeme is such a good journalist. It's a
it's a wonderful feature. So viewers
should dig it out. But she I think she
was expecting them to be really sad
because you know they've lost this
celebrity. I mean I don't think I'd
heard of Monteito before they moved
there. So you know maybe they'd argue
they put it on the map even though they
had lots of famous residents such as
Oprah Winfrey in the area. But no, what
Caroline found actually was they seemed
to be um I mean there was literally the
phrase um good riddance was used by one
of the um the the neighbors. So they
they didn't see I don't want to be
unfair about it, but they clearly hadn't
made the best impression on everyone.
Let's read one of the quotes from a
neighbor who told Caroline, "Harry and
Megan never became part of the
community. You'd see him out on his
electric bike and she'd drive past in a
Range Rover, but it was always swish and
you'd miss them." I left a bottle of
wine at the gate to welcome them and it
was returned to me unopened the
following day. I'm not sure they ever
wanted to hang out with anyone who
wasn't a billionaire or famous or both.
Ouch. Another said their victim
narrative had became tiresome. America
and particularly this little site of
California fell out of love with them.
There's more I could read, but um
Richard K, there is that sense that um
they didn't just return to the UK. I
mean, maybe this is unfair to say, but
but also that they fled America. Um do
you think that's a that's a fair point?
>> I think that's pretty accurate,
actually. I mean, I think uh America had
had lost interest in that continuing
victim narrative. Um America, of course,
is a wonderful country if you're a
success and doing well. But they, you
know, we know what they call people who
don't do so do so well. President Trump
has a phrase, he uses it quite often,
losers. I'm not saying they were losers,
but the the shine had come off them, the
novelty that they had brought uh
California. California, of course, is
probably the toughest state in the U US
to crack because it is the home of
Hollywood and that whole machine and
they're always looking for the next big
thing. And Harry and Megan were it for a
while, but they're not anymore. And I
think they found that very hard to
adjust that they, you know, calls were
obviously going unreturned. They didn't
do all those things that they promised
to do. Charlotte's put her finger on it
earlier on. Uh, and that's I think why
they've come back with their tails
between their legs in many ways.
>> Now, as you mentioned earlier in the
show, there the Duke and Duchess of
Sussex are still searching for their
new, um, forever home in the UK, uh,
with, you know, apparently a
multi-million pound budget. Um, but
there is one property they might be able
to afford and is now available to rent.
Richard Eden, which one am I alluding
to? This is Royal Lodge, the um former
home of um Prince Andrew as he then was.
And he shared it. He gave a wing to his
ex-wife. Um the Sarah, Duchess of York,
now just playing Sarah Ferguson. Um so
the story is that that is now available
to rent. Um it's still actually under um
Andrew Mountbatton Windsor's um
ownership or this complication. He
>> has the lease. I think
>> he's got the lease until October. Yes,
but it's it's very tricky. I mean, it
was always tricky as to what was going
to happen with it because, you know,
it's in Windsor, there's security
implications and in fact, you've got the
the church um very close to it um where
we have had some royal weddings. Rich K,
I mean, I I do think we also understand
there's a £400,000 a year for upkeep is
what it would cost. I mean, this is this
is particularly expensive. Richie, there
were rumors earlier this year that um
that someone else senior in the royal
family might might take it over. Um does
it surprise you that it there's been no
takers as it were?
>> Yeah, it has surprised me because it's a
it's a house with a rich history. It was
it was the house of the last empress of
of uh India. Um of course, Queen
Elizabeth the Queen Mother and and it it
does have that royal heritage about it,
but it's been tarnished of course by its
most recent occupant. Um, but
nevertheless, I thought they wouldn't
have any problem finding someone and it
was certainly rumored that the king was
interested in it as a possible home for
Camila for the future for Queen Camila.
But she she didn't want it. She's very
happy with her house in Wiltshire and
she recently or earlier this year I
think completed the purchase of the a
neighboring property which has given her
uh more security down there. So that was
never going to happen. The other person
who of course was it it might have been
near Mark full was was Prince William.
And I mean it it's the kind of house you
would expect a sovereign or a future
sovereign to live in. It was always
wrong. It seems to me that this was
given to Prince Andrew. Um but there it
is. Nobody wants it. Um in fact it can
be let out commercially because it is
not part of the inner Windsor security
cordon. though as as Richard says it's
very close to to the church where the
late Queen Elizabeth liked to go on
Sundays.
>> Charlotte, do you think there'll be any
takers or should they um you know the
thing I was was wondering when I was
reading this story is, you know, could
the royal family maybe rent it out to
foreign royals? We've got some the manis
coming over the close relations some of
the other Middle East and maybe maybe
they'd like a a very nice house in the
heart of Windsor.
>> Yeah, I think you've hit the nail on the
head because who else could afford the
400,000 a year upkeep? Certainly Andrew
by the sounds couldn't afford it because
it's kind of in rack and ruin and I
think the crown estate are very curious
to get in there at the end of October
and see what kind of estate it's in. Um
and then they've got the you know very
expensive job of restoring it getting it
ready for rent. And I think you're
right. It would have to be some sort of
Middle Eastern royalty. It can't be a
conference center or a museum or an art
gallery or anything like that. And as
you say none of the royal family really
want it. Um, I just find it very
interesting that that Andrew hung on to
the keys for so long because he has been
paying for it this whole time, even
though he hasn't been allowed in since
February, I think it was. So, I mean, if
I if I was him, I would have given the
keys back and then handed the bills to
the crown estate because they would have
had to have paid for it. But obviously,
it's his pride. I think it must be that
he wants to have those keys until the
last possible moment.
>> And Rich, just people might be watching
going, "Well, just sell it." But it's
that's not so easily done with the crown
estate, is it?
>> It isn't so easily done. I mean, I think
because of its location and its
provenence, I don't think it's a house
they could sell. But I do remember that
um one of Charles's friends took on King
Edward VI's old house of Fort Belvier in
in Windsor Great Park and um turned it
into a lovely home that he and his wife
and family lived there for many many
years. The western family of Canada. Um
I I think it could easily be sold uh oh
sorry easily let out to as you suggest
overseas royals or some rich potenty.
We're going to stick with uh Andrew
Mbatton uh for a moment as more
unpleasant headlines have emerged uh
this week. He's been freshly accused of
sex crimes uh that took place in the US.
I should say he does continue continue
to deny all wrong all allegations
against him. although he doesn't
actually deny. We don't get a fresh
denial each time. We have to rely on
what he said in the past. Um Richard,
tell us how this came about.
>> Yes, this is Congressman um Thomas
Massie who's used the privilege of
speaking in in Congress to name um
former Prince Andrew among a string of
figures who he claims are guilty of sex
crimes in America.
Um, obviously this is very awkward
because he can say it because he's there
in in Congress. Um, and he's done it
because he's said he wants to expose
these figures, but it puts more pressure
on Andrew. Um, and is is very awkward
for him. As you say, he's not um
communicating with anyone at all.
There's no sort of public denials. and
we're still awaiting um what's going to
happen to Andrew after his arrest um by
police here in Britain. Uh Richard K.
Mr. Massie has called for an
investigation uh into a list of
Epstein's alleged co-conspirators. He
said perhaps hearing these names will
shame the Department of Justice into
delivering justice. What could this mean
for Andrew? I mean, is there a way he
could be forced to testify in the US?
>> Well, it would be about time the
Americans started investigating these
crimes. They've been very happy to watch
the British police conduct all these
widescale inquiries into Epstein's
activities here and mainly Prince
Andrews of course, but America's done
very little. Um, what does that what are
the implications for Andrew? Well, I
don't think they're huge. I mean, I
don't think he's going to be uh
extradited to the United States to face
charges there if that were ever thought
to be the case. And he would be ill
advised to sort of get involved in any
kind of discussions with him. I should
think his lawyers are just telling him
to keep
continue to say what you say which is
nothing and um you know it'll go
eventually it will go away but it isn't
going away. We've been talking about
this story for years and years and it is
still there and it is still haunting the
family.
>> Now we're going to move on to um his
ex-wife Sarah Ferguson. Now, um Richard,
it looks like Harry and Megan are not
the only ones uh moving back to the UK.
It's fascinating. Sarah Ferguson is back
apparently. Um it's been reported that
she's now um renting a home [snorts] in
Britain. Um and the suggestion was that
she was using all the excitement of
Harry and Meccan's return to sort of
slip under the radar a bit and um and
come at at the same time. We haven't
heard anything from her. I mean, oh my
goodness. Yes. She didn't even attend
the funeral of her great former
boyfriend and benefactor um Patty McNal
recently. She sent her daughter,
Princess Beatric, in her place. So, um
very interesting that she's back and we
look forward to hearing from her.
Richard K, as is so often the case with
Sarah Ferguson, there's um there's still
lots of questions and mystery about, you
know, how things are working. And uh
Richard mentioned the um how she's
mentally renting. It's reported it's a
£10,000 a month six-bedroom house in a
gated comm community in the home
counties for our foreign viewers. Those
are the counties surrounding London.
How could she be affording that?
>> Well, that's one of the great mysteries
of of Fergie's life. How does she afford
anything? She's now no longer able to do
any kind of commercial activity at all.
She, you know, she she was either
stripped or relinquished many of her
charitable endeavors. Uh and you know
there's been a huge question over the
last six to nine months about how she's
been filling her day, what's she doing,
but more importantly, how's she going to
finance her life going forward? I mean,
she lived for all those years at her
husband's expense in Royal Lodge. I
think she contributed. I I really do. I
think there was a stage where she was
earning some reasonably good money, but
how that's going to uh be expanded and
what what she'll do to meet uh the rent
of what that's £120,000 a year. That's
an awful lot of money to find in just
rent. Um which person is going to be
helping her this time around now that
Patty's no longer with us.
>> Watch this space. Charlotte Andrew
Looney uh recently wrote an article for
deadmail.com in which he suggested that
Sarah and Megan have and I quote joined
forces against the palace. What do you
mean by that?
>> Well, I think he's reading into the fact
that Fergie has come back just after
Megan and Harry's come back. And what an
interesting time to return. First of
all, Megan and Harry are soaking up all
the publicity. So maybe she thought
she'd slip below the radar, but
obviously not because we're still
fascinated by Fergie. Um, but also I
think he thought that their common link
is Princess Eujenei because I I was told
that Fergie at some point has been to
Portugal this summer and we know that
Eujenei is pretty much the only member
of the royal family that Harry and Megan
speak to. So that they were somehow he
was implying they were somehow in cahoot
and that Megan and Fergie speak directly
thanks to Eujenei. Um, I suppose there's
so many things wrong with this. First of
all, Eujenei is not speaking to her
father. Uh, Prince Harry hates Andrew.
So, it depends really where where Fergie
falls on the Andrew situation at the
moment. If Fergie's fallen out with
Andrew alto together, there may be they
are all chatting and everything's happy
families for for that kind of side.
>> I I just think I can't really imagine a
world in which Fergie and Megan are are
really that best friends. Am I being
understated? But but then again, they've
got a lot in common. you know, they both
know what it feels like to be on Oprah
and to be exiled and to be disliked and
to have negative publicity. So, there is
a common ground there.
>> Well, plus you're forgetting something.
These houses which Harry and Megan have
been looking at, you know, apparently
include they they want to have a
television studio and, you know, there's
rumors that um Sarah Ferguson could be
interested in giving an interview.
>> Yeah, Fergie wants to start a te
television production company um making
programs for other people. So maybe me,
imagine if [laughter] that was the TV
show all this time that we've been
reporting on the mystery TV show
>> bring to
>> this could be a great reality TV show.
Could this
>> abs could
>> Fergie staying with um with Harry and
Megan at the at their mansion,
>> the real royal housewives.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Oh god, I would tune in. I really would.
>> You know, Fergie is always welcome to
come and give us an interview as well.
We we say it every time. They will come
and come come and join us in this
studio. They absolutely can. But for
now, do you hear that? That sound means
it's time for our unsung royal hero of
the week. Uh Richie, you have a a
nomination for us, don't you? Yes. This
is Latutenant Colonel Johnny Thompson,
known to many of our viewers as Major
Johnny before his well-h promotion. but
he's announced that he's stepping down
at the end of this year after 22 years
in the army and also um his many years
of royal service. You know, he's caught
people's eye when he's been um working
as an equary for first for Queen
Elizabeth and then later um King Charles
and Camila. Um often he seemed to
attract more attention, particularly
from some of our viewers, than than the
king and queen did. Um but he's often
wearing his kilt as well which went went
down well. Um but sadly he will be no
more. So we look forward to seeing who
who replaces him. Before we find out
that that out cuz we we don't know yet.
Charlotte, what's he what's he doing?
He's not only quitting the royal
household, but also the army. Where
where is Lieutenant Colonel Thompson off
to?
>> Well, he's off to be a male model now.
[laughter]
He's I think he's going into the private
sector where you can of course if you're
ex army and ex-royal and you're well
known to be the king's favored
right-hand man, then that's a pretty
good CV. So, I think he'll probably make
his fortune in the city. I wish he was
going to be a male model. That'd be
nice. It'd be nice to see more of him.
But he doesn't like being wellknown.
It's something he's always railed
against. So, I think he will enjoy enjoy
some anonymity for a while.
>> I mean, it it was among the ladies in
particular that um who were attracted to
him and of course they dubbed him the
hot ecory. He hated that. He absolutely
hated that title. Um, but he certainly
seemed to enjoy it. I would say
[laughter]
>> he hated it and enjoyed it in measure.
>> Enjoyed it. Let's let's put it like like
this. I mean, he didn't privately he
said he didn't like it. He didn't like
the attraction, the attention that it
drew to him. But he he didn't um he
didn't disappoint when he was on public
duty at the king or queen's side in his
very fetching kilt
>> and a certain amount of notoriety or you
know uh public attention and not
necessarily a bad thing if you want to
go and work somewhere afterwards. He's a
he's already a recognizable figure that
might be um appealing to a company. Um,
Richard Kay, just quickly on this, he's
the second senior member of Charles and
Camila's uh, household who's recently
announced they're leaving. So, Clive
Alderton, private secretary, uh, we've
also here is is stepping down. Can we
read anything into this, do you think?
>> I don't know. I mean, Clive Alderton, I
was surprised that he has decided to
stand down. He'd been at the king's side
for a long time. He he did there was a
break. He went off uh back to the the
British Foreign Office and then came
back again. Um and I thought he he sort
of wanted to see see it through and and
he's still a young man. Um in in many
terms um but he is going um that means
there'll be a vacancy who will who will
Charles pick for the next post but yeah
there there have been reports that one
or two senior figures are making moves
now. Why would that be? Well, I think
partly because of uh the fact that the
king is now pretty solid on on the
throne. You know, the we're four years
into his reign. Uh he wanted familiar
figures around him at the beginning. And
as time passes, then those figures are
ready to move on.
>> Interesting. Now, whatever the case, we
wish Johnny the best of luck in his
future endeavors. I'm sure there'll be
plenty of our viewers very sad not to
see um that kilt out and about. Now, as
promised earlier in the show, this
week's montage pays tribute to the late
King Harold of Norway. Uh, so please
enjoy pictures of the times the
Norwegian royal family visited the
British royal family and vice versa.
>> [music]
>> Rest in peace, King Harold. As Charles
said in his heartfelt statement,
Harold's kindness, compassion, and deep
sense of duty echoed from across the sea
and across the decades. Up next, we have
an in-depth look at the extraordinary
story of the Norwegian royal family uh
in the wake of King Harold's death. You
can click here to watch that. That's all
from us here on Palace Confidential this
week. A huge thank you to Charlotte, the
Richards, K, and Eden for joining me in
the studio and to you for watching.
We'll see you next time. Goodbye.