Some might argue that the distance is

for Prince William's mental health. Like

that might be Prince William recognizing

that Harry and Megan bring an an element

of chaos into his life that he just

doesn't want, especially after

Catherine's cancer.

>> It's interesting you say that because I

I have been told that by some of the

friends who know them who just say they

they just don't want that drama in their

lives. There is always there is always

drama. is always a soap opera with the

Sussexes. And I think his mind's been

made up as far as his brother's

concerned. His brother has burnt those

bridges. He's lost his trust. And what I

am told is that Williams focuses on his

wife and his children. It is not on

trying to sort things out with his

brother. He's he's gone beyond that.

>> Hi all, Kinsey Scoffield here. Welcome

to Kinsey Scoffield unfiltered. We have

called in the big guns today. Ladies and

gentlemen, Katie Nickel, co-host of The

Royals Uncensored and Vanity Fair's

royal correspondent, has covered the

royal family for decades, which makes

her uniquely qualified to separate a

genuine strategic shift from another

round of Sussex PR spin. And today,

we're breaking down what might be the

craziest royal headline of 2026 so far.

Harry and Megan are back in Britain.

What do they really want? What do they

want to do while they're in Britain? Is

this a reconciliation, reinvention, or

another attempt at half in, half out?

Katie, I know that's a lot to throw at

you, but hopefully we we we come to some

sort of, you know, verdict by the end of

this conversation. It's so good to see

you again.

>> It's lovely to see you and um and thank

you for coming on to our show last time

you were over here in the UK. I love all

the I love all the cross collaboration.

I I I think it's fantastic. And you're

right, it's um it's been one beltter of

a story and really, you know, really

just incredible. And I think anyone that

says, "Oh, we saw this coming," is is

lying because I don't think any of us

did. And I simply don't believe the

Sussex spin that, you know, this was all

premeditated and the king was not

blindsided. Everything I hear is that he

absolutely was, as was William and

Katherine. So, what's it all about?

Well, I think it comes down to several

things. I think it comes down to Harry

missing home. wanting to be closer to

his father who, as we know, has sort of

helped pave the way for a

reconciliation, wanting his children

educated in Britain. I think that's

really important to Harry. And I just

think, you know, six years on, America

didn't work out for them the way that

they had hoped. And so, they have to try

something new.

I just want to reiterate what you what

what you said because I've said a couple

of times on my show in the last week or

two. Well, Katie Nickel and I are very

offended by this because I messaged you

when the Sussex's pushed back on the

blindsided line which they did in the

Daily Mail which you and I both used and

my in my you know when I was defending

us I said Harry and Megan say a lot of

things that they don't actually do too.

So, I do think it's fair to say that

everyone was blindsided by this because,

you know, they release these plans

constantly and nothing ever comes to

fruition. So, it it floored a lot of us

that they returned to to the to the

United Kingdom.

>> And it's not the first time they've done

it, Kinsey. You know, as you know, just

go back to 2020. Yes. There was sort of

very embionic talks about them doing

something differently, doing royalty a

little bit differently, perhaps looking

at the idea of being in a Commonwealth

country, you know, not not the sort of

bombshell that they dropped on everyone.

We're standing down as working royals.

We're going to be based here, but we'll

still be representing the queen. All of

this stuff that they just put out there

to the world without anything having

been either agreed or signed off. And

this just seems to be their modus

operando. And I think it, you know, that

sort of shock factor, I mean, it it

well, let's be honest. I mean, we've

been talking about this story for

however many days now. And, you know,

still no official confirmation from the

Sussex camp that they're actually here.

No sighting of them, no photographs of

them, and yet they're dominating all the

headlines. It's it's just a a nightmare,

I think, for the royal family. One thing

you didn't mention when you were listing

off reasons why Prince Harry might want

to be home is one thing that I have

predicted like trying to force

potentially the half in half out.

>> Do you believe that Harry has ever truly

accepted the Queen's rejection of half

in half out and do you think that that

might be on his agenda or am I just

really cynical here? No, I think you're

I think you're very um I think you've

got a very good lens on it all. And I

don't think he I don't think he accepted

the queen's decision to not have half in

half out. I think that he knows that the

king certainly for him is a bit of a

softer touch, you know, in the way that

Andrew was for for the queen as well.

You know, Harry's always been able to

find a way around his dad. His dad's

always been more malleable, I think,

with Harry than he has been with

William. And so I think, you know,

Harry's just not given up on this. And I

I I said this to Pierers the other night

when I was on his show. Six years on,

they've kind of got what they wanted,

haven't they? They have this half in,

half out. They're back in Britain.

They're in the most incredible house.

Kids are going to incredible schools.

He's pursuing his charities. She's going

back into acting. We understand. She's

launching her lifestyle brand. They're

out there making money, commercializing

their royal titles, their their brand,

and have all the perks and privileges

and and none of the sort of

responsibilities that come with it.

They're not traveling up and down the

country slogging it out doing royal

engagements. That's William and

Catherine and the king and the queen and

and Princess Anne and the Edinburgh. Um,

so yeah, I think I think it was always

on Harry's agenda. And I think he's

ultimately got what he what he wants. I

mean, you know, will we be seeing him

once again on the Buckingham Palace

balcony if he gets close enough to his

father? You have to wonder.

>> Oh my goodness. I know that at least my

audience and likely yours would be so

upset over that. But you know that they

come they've just spent six years in

Hollywood where it's fake it till you

make it and it's all about the optics.

And if Harry's out there doing charity

work, then and and the local news or the

evening news is going to put Prince

William, you know, out and about 3

seconds before a shot of Harry out and

about on the same day. It looks like

he's still a working royal. And that's I

think ultimately what they want. I don't

think they even care about the palace

endorsement.

>> No, I I don't think they care about the

palace endorsement. I don't think they

really care about the the official royal

calendar. This is all about what they

want to do, maximizing exposure for them

and and ultimately, you know, making

money. I mean, I didn't list that, did

I? As one of the reasons I think they've

come back, but that's got to be pretty

high up the agenda because they have an

expensive lifestyle. Those big

multi-million dollar deals, as as you

know very well, have dried up, and

they've got three houses to to keep and

run, and two sets of private school

fees. So, it's uh you know, they need to

they need to make money.

>> What does Megan ultimately want from

Britain? Because Harry's motivation

seems easier to understand than Megan's.

>> I I don't think I don't think she

probably wants to come back to Britain,

Kinsey. I think she would probably much

rather be in California or maybe in

Portugal. Um but not here in Britain.

She knows that she's, you know, she's

really not popular over here. She's not

particularly liked over here. And the AS

ever brand. Well, when you consider it's

only it's only stocked and available in

the States. You know, that kind of says

everything about Megan's interests in

Britain. Not just her business interest,

but her interest in Britain. I don't

think she's got any interest being here.

I think Harry is probably the one that

comes out as a winner in all of this and

that he's got his wish to come back

home. I mean, we heard a lot of reports

that he was homesick, he was missing his

friends, he was missing his family. Um,

you know, and I think he genuinely does

want to get closer to his father. They

used to have a lovely relationship. So,

I think all I think all of that is the

case, but I don't think Megan wants to

come back at all. I think she will be

the reluctant one in all of this. Now,

six years ago, Harry and Megan seemed

determined to prove that they could

build something bigger outside of the

monarchy. A lot of their tone throughout

the Netflix series was that the royal

family was holding them back from

something that they were they could do

such great work as long as they rid

themselves of this ball and chain. Does

returning to Britain represent an

acknowledgement that the experiment

didn't work as they expected.

Yeah, 100%. I mean, if America had

worked out the way they wanted, and

let's remember, they wanted to leave

Britain, they wanted to stand down as

working royals because they wanted to

become financially independent. Had

America really worked out for them, I I

don't think they would be coming back

here. I mean, yes, of course, Harry

prefers the British system. He wants

Archie playing rugby and Lily playing

netball and all of those things, but you

know, Monteito has great schools. In

fact, we were speaking about this with

Andrew Morton um last week on the Royals

Uncensored and he was saying Monteito

has some of the best schools um in

America and schools that do offer horse

riding as well as surfing and they would

have had an incredible education there.

So, I think it's it's so much down to

the fact that it hasn't worked for them

in America and they they sort of come

back I would say they come back with

their tails between their legs but there

seems to be no contrition around any of

this.

And you know, they're being financed by,

you know, a billionaire. They're in a

incredible house. And as I say, they

seem to have all the perks and

privileges.

My gosh, it's true. I mean, when we

weren't hearing about the school, all of

a sudden, it's we started hearing

whispers that Megan had secured this big

gig in The Gentleman season 3. And um

Theo James just said yesterday, you

know, like that hot air that that do job

does not exist yet and it probably is

very frustrated on his gentleman junket

that he's

>> talking about Megan.

>> Exactly. I'm sure that he's very over

that question. You've reported in Vanity

Fair that Prince William is concerned

about the possibility of a rival court.

>> Yeah.

>> What would a rival Sussex court actually

look like in practice? And I I hate to

even we're not try we're definitely not

trying to manifest this, but is it as

simple as Harry showing up on the same

day that Prince William is doing

something and distracting from the the

the good headlines Prince William could

be generating?

>> Yeah. I mean, at its sort of most

simplistic form, that's exactly what it

is. And we know that Williams's got the

Earth Shot coming up in India. We we

understand that Katherine's probably

going to be going to India as well. So,

that's going to be a really important

moment for them. You've got some big

pieces coming, big set pieces coming up

for the royals. There's going to be um a

state visit. The king and queen are

going away overseas to the Caribbean.

So, these are really important moments

in the royal calendar months and months

in the planning. And with that

expectation that they will be hitting

the front pages, they will be hitting

the news bulletins. The problem is, you

know, Archie and Lily spotted strolling

in the Cotsworld countryside in their

little his and hers hunter wellies is

going to jeopardize that. And the royal

family are very mindful of that because

they have been here before. They've been

here before with Charles and Diana. You

know, they have seen it. And of course,

William and Katherine have been here

before. The Sussex's sort of were doing

their own thing. They set their own

household up. They had their own team.

There was no cooperation between those

two households. And suddenly you've got

Harry and Megan doing things on the same

day or around the same time as William

and Catherine. And you know that that is

a problem. And I think that sort of

threat of the Sussex's eclipsing the

Wales and the King and the Queen and the

really important work that they're doing

is a genuine concern over at Royal HQ

and understandably so.

>> Agreed. Um you've watched Prince William

and Harry's relationship deteriorate in

real time. What would Harry actually

have to do for Prince William to trust

him again? Because I know that you're

seeing the same headlines that I am that

this for some reason has become Prince

William's role in in the reconcili the

reconciliation is on Prince William.

Why? I mean that that feels so unfair.

We saw Prince William invite the

Sussexes to Windsor Castle to greet the

mourers after Queen Elizabeth died. We

saw Prince William and Katherine pull

out of the procession during

Commonwealth Day, I think it was, right?

Harry and Megan's very last royal

engagement as working royals. Harry was

so upset that they were taken off the

the itinerary that Prince William said,

"No, Katherine and I will will walk in

shortly after you and not with the

working royals so that your feelings

aren't hurt." We've seen Prince William

be the bigger person on so many

occasions. Why now is the universe

putting this pressure on Prince William

to be the bigger person when Harry's

done so much, you know, Harry's done so

much to hurt William and his family

during some very difficult times. Yeah,

he has. And I think that pressure comes

because of the king's willingness to

offer an olive branch. And I think, you

know, a lot of people and when you look

at the polls, more people now are

saying, well, if the king can forgive

Harry, surely William can. Some will

argue that obviously we're in Charles's

reign. We're in the Carolin.

And if he is estranged from his brother,

if there is still this rift, does that

damage William's reign? I I I see the

argument for which is that the royal

family is meant to be united and we look

to them as role models and therefore it

seems grossly hypocritical to be

championing mental health causes and all

the wonderful causes that they do and

yet they can't bear the slight of each

other. I mean there's a there's a sort

of conflict there but on the same token

um I think the king has come across as

being slightly seen as slightly weak in

being so willing to reconcile with

Harry. I think a lot of people feel that

he's making a mistake and therefore you

can flip it and William might be

interpreted as being actually very

strong and putting the crown and duty

before his own personal feelings because

deep down

you you would imagine that everything

they've been through as as young boys,

as young men,

particularly the last couple of years

that that William has had, he he

probably could have really done with his

brother. they could have done with

having Harry by his side because

William's been through some pretty dark

moments and Harry hasn't been there. So,

there's still a huge amount of

resentment and a real lack of trust

certainly on William's part. So, yes,

people are sort of pushing for a

reconciliation and um you know, I think

it's I think it's got to be it's it's

it's down to William, isn't it? It's

it's going to be down to him as to

whether he also extends the same olive

branch that his father has, but I don't

think he's going to anytime soon.

Charles and William are very very

different characters, very different

personalities.

>> And some might argue that the distance

is for Prince William's mental health.

Like that might be Prince William

recognizing that Harry and Megan bring

an an element of chaos into his life

that he just doesn't want. Especially

after Katherine's cancer, you know, you

just want to simplify things. You want

to make

>> Well, actually, it's interesting you say

that because I I have been told that by

some of the friends who know them who

just say they they just don't want that

drama in their lives. There is always

there is always drama. It is always a

soap opera with the Sussexes. They're

always springing surprises, changing

their mind, upending things, changing

plans. And I think the Wales are just

quite steady. They're quite solid. And

you know, I think once William's made

his mind up, he goes in that direction.

He's he's very um unlikely to be

diverted. And I think his mind's been

made up as far as his brother's

concerned. His brother has burnt those

bridges. He's lost his trust. And what I

am told is that Williams focuses on his

wife and his children. It is not on

trying to sort things out with his

brother. He's he's gone beyond that.

>> I Well, I applaud that. How do you

reconcile this move with everything

Harry has said about Britain being

unsafe for his family? And do you think

moving the children here or there

changes Harry's leverage in the security

battle?

>> Well, I I do think you have to take what

Prince Harry said with a pinch of salt

because they've been here now for what

is it, a week, a week, and a day since

that private jet landed in Birmingham.

>> And yet they've not been seen. They've

not been photographed. They're on an uh

we understand an estate with acres and

acres of private land, no public

footpath. I mean, it just all goes to

show, but they absolutely can get about

very easily. And you know, if they if if

they've got the money, which they

clearly do. I mean, I know they need to

make it, but there is enough to be

paying for their private security. Well,

they that's what they chose to do when

they stood down as working royals. They

don't get that privilege. We saw it over

the summer when Harry and Megan and the

kids came over to High Grove and went up

to Althor. The only photograph was was

taken by them and posted on Megan's

Instagram page. They weren'tounded. They

weren't chased around the streets by the

paparazzi. And then and they're not

going to be, by the way. And um you

know, there is an argument that the only

threat posed to Harry is because he

served two tours of Afghanistan. But

let's not forget it was his choice to

name the 25 Taliban or whatever it was

that he shot when he was in in in

Afghanistan. Thus, you know, putting a

putting a target above his own head. So,

I think

I think most people feel that, okay, if

you're going to come back, come back.

But you chose to leave. You lost your

security when you chose to stand down as

working royals. You chose this. You made

your bed. Now you have to lie in it.

You've got to make this work.

>> Yeah. We're seeing the the surveys and

all of the polls suggesting exactly

that. Knowing the late queen as you did

through the years of covering her reign,

talking to some of her close personal

friends and family members, how do you

think she would have handled this

return?

>> Well, don't forget, you know, as I said

earlier, it was the queen who made it

really clear at the Sandingham Summit

that there was no half in, half out. And

I think I actually think she would have

taken a firmer stance. I mean, you know,

her twilight years were very marred by

Harry and Megan. I don't think she ever

really forgave Harry and Megan for doing

the Oprah interview when the Duke of

Edinburgh was really very very unwell

and died just just months after that.

So, I think Kinsey actually she'd have

she'd have taken a firmer stance. You

know, as I said, you know, you have you

have created this situation. You've

chosen to leave. It's down to you now to

make it work.

>> Mhm. Yeah. I mean, I' I've always felt

she was a little tougher than what we're

currently seeing from King Charles. Uh,

two questions, two final questions.

Thank you so much for being so gracious

with your time. Has Harry underestimated

how much his status was actually

sustained by the institution that he so

openly resented throughout his

interviews? Yeah,

>> 100%. And, you know, their star waned in

America far sooner, I think, than than

they certainly imagined it would.

The royal ticket is the winning ticket.

>> And if you've fallen out with your

brother and you don't see your family

and you're not invited back for

Christmas and you're never seen on that

famous balcony, it doesn't matter that

you're still Harry, Duke of Sussex,

Megan, Duchess of Sussex.

It's the proximity to the royals. It's

being part of the royal fold. And they

lost that. And not only did they lose

that, they attacked that institution.

They mocked that institution. I mean, I

I don't think any of us will ever forget

Megan's mock curtsy in the Netflix docu

series. So, you know, they they have

done and been so much a part of their

own undoing, which is why I think

there's such a sense of disbelief that

they have the audacity to

to come back to the country that they

accused of being racist to try and get

closer again to the family that they

were so willing to cast aside. And I

think that makes people very suspicious

of the real reasons why they're coming

back.

>> Suspicious is a great word. I thought of

them mocking the institution today when

I was reading Megan's Instagram tribute

to Gloria Alred who a much nicer, you

know, a much nicer

um tribute than she ever wrote for Queen

Elizabeth, you know, or or acknowledged

how gracious Queen Elizabeth was to her

for giving her this global platform that

she had. And she mentions the linked not

ranked, how important that became to her

because of Gloria Alred. You're, you

know, be linked not ranked. And I'm

thinking, you insisted on being called a

duchess in the United States of America.

Can you really present us with this

statement now? I mean, classic

contradiction when it comes to the

Sussexes.

>> The contradictions are are endless. And

the point that you raise about the

titles is a really valid one. And I

think just reiterates what we were

saying before, which is yes, the titles

are clearly important to them. Of course

they are, but it's also that it is that

proximity to the royal family. You you

just don't want to be the outsiders. And

when you consider where they are, we're

obviously not identifying where they are

in the Cotswwells, but suffice to say

that is widely accepted to where they

are living. And of course, they've got

Princess Anne as a neighbor. They've got

the king and the queen as neighbors. And

therefore, you know, Harry has sort of

positioned himself right in Royal

Hartland. And yes, all right, he grew up

there and he likes it and they lived

there and rented a place there before

they moved into Frogmore Cottage. But

again, that feels very strategic to me.

>> I totally agree. Um, Megan's allies are

suggesting that Britain will be

different this time because she has more

control.

>> Oh, have we? Sorry. Have we had a change

in the weather? Have we ch Have we had a

change in in anything? Britain's not

Britain's not Sorry, I didn't mean to

interrupt you, but Britain is not going

to be any different. I don't think

she'll find it any different. And and I

actually wonder, Kinsey, how much time

she's going to spend over here because

everything I'm hearing is that she'll be

traveling, you know, back to your neck

of the woods quite frequently.

>> That that's I just thought that that was

very interesting because she has more

control over her life and her own team.

Are they forgetting are are they not

acknowledging the protection that the

palace did give them not just while they

were working royals but afterwards? You

know, I'd argue that not releasing that

bully report ultimately was protecting

the Meghan Markle when the queen said,

"I'm going to do it, but no one's ever

it's never going to see the light of

day."

>> Yeah.

>> They they there was an element of

protection that I feel like they're not

acknowledging that came with being under

the palace umbrella. But it doesn't it

doesn't suit their narrative to

acknowledge that protection. It doesn't

suit their narrative that the only

question mark over anything they've said

or done was that very concise statement

written by the queen with Katherine's

input. The recollections may vary.

>> All right. Well, Katie, it's been so

much fun catching up with We had to do a

deep dive. I just needed to pick your

brain because I'm losing sleep over

this. None of this makes sense to me.

Um, and I just wanted to pick your brain

about Harry and Megan's very bizarre um,

regret regrets it. Is that what they're

calling it over there?

>> Well, Pier Piers is calling it Megshit,

so take what you want from that, but

listen, I think it's going to be

fascinating. I'm not sure we we know all

the ins and outs of it yet, but I think

over the coming weeks it'll become more

apparent,

>> though. Absolutely. Uh, so if you want

to catch up with Katie, check out the

Royals Uncensored on YouTube. also

wonderful pieces in Vanity Fair uh that

I'm I'm quoting constantly. So, thank

you so much for all the hard work you

do. Congratulations on all of your

success and I'm I'm so glad to spend

this time with you. Thanks for hanging

out with me today.

>> I always love hanging out with you and

you come on the show when you're back

over.

>> I will see you soon.


