And if they want to earn money, how they

earn it is their own affair. But don't

think you can cash in on your royal

status. And I think that's the most

important. So they're private just like

any other member of the well anyone

really who's out there in a commercial

world. They're doing things for their

benefit. He is not doing anything on

behalf of the royal family. And for what

Harry though unfortunately does not have

the brain cells to really fully

understand what this means and and Megan

is desperate obviously to be the star of

the show and she's not and and that's

what's upsetting because they thought

they could breeze back in and saying oh

this country's missed us but actually

the king by doing that letter or the

Lord Chancellor has made sure they're

put firmly back in their books.

>> Hi, welcome to Royally Unfiltered, the

show that takes you behind palace gates

like never before. On this week's

episode, I'm joined by Andrew Low,

author of Entitled: The Rise and Fall of

the House of York and Talk Radio Royal

correspondent/airs and Spar's co-host

Rupert Belell. Rupert, I almost

slaughtered your name right there. That

I'm insulted for you. Um, but you know,

I love you. Uh we're going to discuss

the latest royal headlines and it's been

a packed action-packed week. Um I know

that some of the audience are going to

say, "Why didn't you talk about this?

Why didn't you talk about that?" Well,

we're we're going to try to cram it all

in, but it has been so overwhelming this

week. Andrew, I've talked to Rupert

about this. Can I get your response,

your reaction, your general reaction to

the King's letter? Um where where were

you when you found out? How did you find

out? And what was your instinct when

when you saw some of those really kind

of

stern? It's a stern reminder. It's

clarity. It doesn't seem like anything

we haven't seen before, but the Sussexes

have clearly reacted to it in a very

petty way.

>> Well, they have. I mean, I I think I

probably just saw it on my computer

during the course of the day, but I

mean, a lot of people have been saying

that he needed to respond. He needed to

put a marker down. You're absolutely

right. It only just reiterates the

position from the the Mexit from from

the Sandringham conference. But I think

people felt that he needed to to kind of

lay out the parameters. Uh I think the

interesting thing is whether he was

persuaded to do that by the actions of

Harry and Megan or whether he was

actually generally getting inquiries

from various bits of the country about

them making approaches and how they

should respond. I I I think whenever he

appears strong and ruthless, he's very

popular. And I think there's there is

always a suspicion that he's a ditherer.

Uh and so I'm glad he did it. And you're

absolutely right. The Sussexes are

petulant. They can't seem to leave the

bone alone. Uh and they're just digging

their own graves. It's brilliant in some

ways. Just let them get on with it.

>> Just they can't get out of their own

way. Rupert Bell to um to reinforce what

Andrew said. The letter says, "Following

the decision by the Duke and Duchess of

Sussex to relocate to the UK, we have

received a number of requests for

guidance to help avoid doubt or

confusion. The king has directed that

the following information be shared."

So, we do believe that people were

reaching out going, "Hey, how are we

supposed to handle this?" And also to

Andrew's point, you know, wondering if

this could be um based on what Harry's

reaction, do you remember just a few

days ago we were we were being briefed

that Harry was going to jump out of an

airplane? I do think that the royal

family was like, "Hey, pump the brakes.

We need to everybody to know what's

royally endorsed and what's not."

>> Yeah. And of course it has been

announced that he may be appearing at

some big fundraising dinner in London.

Richard Branson's now backing that he's

not going to be there. I do think there

was need for clarity to confirm that the

Sandringham agreement actually was what

it was and there's no half in half out

which is of course though and Andrew

probably would agree they came back

thinking well we've come back now and

okay let's forget all that and now we

can have a sort of quai royal

involvement but I think the king has

just said no you are coming back as

private citizens and you've got to fend

for yourself and I think he was abs well

the the lord Chancellor, whoever

produced the letter was absolutely right

to do this because the gray areas for

the press, for everybody, now everybody

knows what the ground rules are.

Anything Harry does now, he's doing as a

private citizen. What he wants to do,

that's his own affair. Look, I've just

come from the cornry horse trials and

I've seen the perfect example of a way

private citizens walked working. Zara

Tindle walking around cornby horse

trials, not a security person in sight,

just getting on with her life. That is

the role model of a private citizen

within the royal family doing what she

does absolutely normally yet without any

fuss and bother. Unfortunately for the

Sussex's, they just want to be the

center of attention. And that's what I

think why the king has been so right to

make sure they know exactly where they

belong.

>> So he's just in the line of succession.

He's a counselor of state. I mean,

there's an awful lot of odds and

[clears throat] ends that should have

been sorted out years ago. Uh, and

that's allowed him in some ways to

exploit this. But you're absolutely

right. I mean, I think, you know, the

boundaries need to keep being reiterated

because he keeps kind of trying to push

them.

>> Andrew, do you think he should lose the

council of state? Should they get rid of

if he's a private citizen? I mean, those

are the things they should be done,

aren't they? I mean, I that's what I

think should happen to further enhance

his status as a private citizen. So he

doesn't think he's still got some role

within the royal family.

>> In some ways, you know, it's they could

all be done voluntarily if he genuinely

feels he wants to be a private citizen

rather than a nuisance. Then as with

Andrew, they could they could give these

things up. The Duke of Windsor

voluntarily gave up all sorts of things

and made life a lot easier for everyone.

Uh it seems to me Andrew and Harry are

not doing that. They're out to make

trouble.

Ander, they we keep hearing um that the

only way forward is trust and that both

parties are going to have to work with

the other one to reestablish that and

it's going to take time. So what do you

think when you are seeing the minuteby

minute timeline that the Sussex's are

are giving to multiple outlets regarding

the delivery of this letter, how they

only had 67 minutes to respond to it.

Don't you think that those are the kind

of details that the palace sits back and

scoffs at and goes, "You know what? This

is why you only get 67 minutes because

you can't keep your mouth shut."

>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, there's, you

know, some suggestion that the king

could have told him this privately, but

I think he needs to make the the case

very publicly. Um, but I think it is a

problem. I mean, you know, I if it's

true that the king wasn't told until a

few days before they came, then that's

very bad. Uh, I mean I I think that's

one of the big mysteries to me. I mean,

did Harry think that he had told his

father? Um, or and would Charles have

learned this from other sources so he

knew but he wasn't told. Um, but I mean

that is goes to the whole basis of the

trust. If you're not saying you're

coming back to resettle to your own

father when there's a huge

constitutional issues involved, then you

know how are you ever going to have

trust?

>> Such a good point, Rupert Bell. Um, in

this article that we have from the

Telegraph, they say the Duke is

understood to have taken particular

issue with the notion that the couple

were to be treated as private citizens.

If that were the case, it was claimed

such formal guidance would not be

required. The Sussex's prefer the term

public figures and would have liked an

acknowledgment that on a personal level,

they remained members of the royal

family despite no longer receiving

public funding. The king has said that

multiple times. remember um four years

ago after the queen passed away, he

talked about Harry and Megan living, you

know, abroad and how they were still

loved members of the royal. It's like

how many times does this guy have to say

that? How many pats on the head do these

two need? But do you suspect that the

public figures uh issue is that Harry

knows that Ravik technically covers

public figures and he wanted that

categorization to benefit his Ravik

argument? Well, he he basically is still

desperate to be have the security and

and there are some people out there who

believe he should have uh some level of

security because whether we agree or

whether whatever his role is, he's still

technically a member of the royal family

because he is the younger brother of the

future king. So there is a he is a

public figure in that sense, but he's

not a public figure in a working sense.

And I think that's what this whole

letter is about is to make sure that

anything they're doing is in a private

capacity. And if they want to earn

money, how they earn it is their own

affair. But don't think you can cash in

on your royal status. And I think that's

the most important. So they're private

just like any other member of the well

anyone really who's out there in a

commercial world. They're doing things

for their benefit. He is not doing

anything on behalf of the royal family.

And for what Harry though unfortunately

does not have the brain cells to really

fully understand what this means and and

Megan is desperate obviously to be the

star of the show and she's not and and

that's what's upsetting because they

thought they could breeze back in and

saying oh this country's missed us but

actually the king by doing that letter

or the Lord Chancellor has made sure

they're put firmly back in their box.

Actually, I was at a memorial service

this afternoon uh uh with lots and lots

of royal writers, and there was someone

there from the Cotswwells who's part of

this kind of royal scene, and she said

that no one in the Cotswwells wants

anything to do with Harry and Megan. I

mean, you may find that too. Um Rupert,

you're probably moving in those circles

as well.

>> Well, yeah. And I mean, I've been at

Cornbury and I can tell you there is the

talk of the town. I mean they they the

North Cotsworld is not exactly greeting

them with an open arms and and the sort

of bits of gossip you're hearing about

her going to Soho Farmhouse by all

accounts I think it's been reported yet

again she's sort of maybe trying to go

around saying look at me again wherever

she goes and whether whatever schools or

or places they're living at it is

creating a stir but I can assure you the

North Cotswwells are not or my part of

the Cotswwells are um they they're

greeting their return with um eye

watering indifference and frustration

because they're thinking, "Oh god, what

are they doing here?"

>> Andrew, why are they back? What does

What do your sources What does your

instinct say? Why have Harry and Megan

returned to the United Kingdom? I'm not

buying the Harry has is pursuing this

stellar education for his children

because I don't think Harry's the

smartest person in the world. And so I I

don't I just I'm not buying it, you

know. Also, Monaceto has great schools.

They could have hired a million tutors.

I I don't understand Harry's position

that he needs to fly 500,000 miles away

to educate his children.

>> Absolutely. And the very good

international schools in Portugal, which

would be the halfway house. So, um, yes.

I mean, is it to do with the visa? Is it

to do with the fact they've run out of

money? They've run out of friends in

California. They're just trying to

reinvent themselves. Uh, is it to do

with the fact that they they thought it

would be cheaper to live here? Uh, is it

they're trying to get their feet under

the table because Charles is iller than

people think? I mean, again, this is, I

think, all tied into to Sarah Ferguson

coming back. They sniffed something and

they think there's an opportunity here.

Um, I agree it doesn't all add up and

all the sort of stories about her

getting a a play an acting job which

turned out not to be true. I mean, the

problem is you can't believe a single

thing they say. Uh, and um, that's that

is the problem. I mean, they haven't

certainly denied Indian things. I mean,

when the story broke about the guy

Richie um acting job, they didn't deny

it. They let it run even though it

clearly wasn't true.

>> Well, that they they leaked it. I mean,

I I we'll talk about that a little

later, but it's my understanding that

they intentionally leaked it because

they hated the narrative that they were

coming back losers. But what they had

leaked also in the runup to this was

that Prince Harry just wanted to be

closer to his father. And then we've

seen the way that he's bitten back at

his dad and you think this is not about

a loveydovey family reunion in any way,

shape or form. Otherwise, your actions

would say otherwise.

>> Absolutely. And he would have come with

an apology apology for what he's been

saying. You know, there there's never

going to be any trust or any sort of

repro until he does that. Uh and I think

he's still saying that he's going to,

you know, he's um it's up to them. Uh

it's one of the things other things I

picked up this afternoon is that um

Charles Spencer who was hosting uh Megan

and and Harry found them so unpleasant

that whatever support he was going to

give them, he's not going to give them

now. Uh and um so we all think the

Spencers are on the side of Harry and

Megan, but I think he's he's gotten he's

gone team royal royal family now.

>> Oh my gosh, I can't wait to see how that

unfolds. Let me um just kind of

bouncing off of something you said um or

we've been we have discussed Rupert

discussing Harry's relationship with his

father and how if ultimately the goal

was reconciliation he would be behaving

differently. I have seen at least two

examples of Harry trying to reposition

the family as the villains again. And

one is the fact that they responded to

this letter by saying this was the

palace trying to um this was the palace

trying to jeopardize Harry's security

assessment. Now Uganda now Harry is

saying the the consequences of this

letter is that I've lost this country

for the Invictus Games.

Is he fighting with his family? I mean

are we are we seeing the Wales is at war

yet again?

you know, he just always wants to be the

victim. He is just he's taking

victimhood to a new level. This is a

spoiled child who believes he should

have be the center of attention. He

can't accept that, you know, his

consequences have actions. He thinks

it's all because of everybody else's.

Now the the guy in Uganda, I think he's

quite a an eccentric character and he's

obviously taken umbrage and feels that

the king won't be having any part in

Invictus and I I mean I feel for the

athletes and it would have been I think

they were the first East African nation

to um provide people to take part. So

it's probably a bit sad for the

athletes, but it's actually sad for

Invictus Games that even if a country

feels once again that Harry is by

association tarnishing the reputation of

not only the king but maybe even the

Invictus Games. So yet another thing

that Harry's involved with is creating

the wrong sort of headlines. We've seen

it with all the charities and as an an

ex-serviceman as you know Kinsey I I

mean I'm desperate for the I think the

Invictus Games as an institution has

great heart and is has something really

positive about it but you don't want to

be seeing headlines once again that you

know one of the countries feels they

can't send their athletes because of

Harry's involvement and his way he's

sort of dragging the king in and trying

to cash in on the king and and and I

think that that's sad for the Invictus

games But it once again shows Harry

cannot read the room. He's just not

capable.

>> Well, I wonder if other other countries

will follow suit, too. But I mean, you

know, been a lot of questions of the

Invictus Games and and the fundraising

and where the money's gone, how it's

been spent. So, I mean, I I I feel sorry

because, you know, something, as you

say, which is so worthwhile looks like

being kind of um destroyed because

they're being drawn into these arguments

within the royal family. And the the one

person who's responsible is Harry,

>> right? That's very true. But I also feel

like it's incredible that that he's

coined the military chief coined this

Harry and Megan nonsense line because

it's something I like recollections may

vary. I feel like we'll use for years

going forward when describing the

destruction or the chaos that surrounds

the Sussexes. Andrew, are you at all

concerned that because we have discussed

how there is a soft spot in King

Charles's heart for Harry. We know

Harry's been campaigning. According to

Tom Bower, the ultimate objective would

be to have multiple members of the royal

family at Invictus next year. But he has

been campaigning specifically for his

father. Um, Rupert Bell and I have

discussed this on multiple occasions.

might King Charles now feel obligated to

go next year because he feels like

there's been this hiccup and publicly

Harry's pointed the finger at him so

this could be a way for him to clean up

this mess or do you think that we'll see

him not budge and say no we are in proud

we're proud of the Invictus games we're

proud of Harry for the Invictus games

but I'm going to I'm off going to be at

this another event on that day.

>> Yeah. No, I think it's the second I

think he may be washing his hair that

night. Um so, uh it's it's not going to

happen. Um and in some ways, the more

Harry behaves in the way he does, the

less likely it is to happen. And I can't

see other members of the royal family

wanting to be involved with with Harry

either. We've seen this distancing from

Euenei. I mean, they all kind of know

which side their bread's buttered on and

Harry's on the way down and and no one

wants to link to him. And I just be

amazed to see what happens in terms of

showbiz support for him or whatever. I

mean, we're getting more and more

stories of people who just don't want to

return his phone calls.

>> Yeah, absolutely. Rupert Bell, should

King Charles react to this accusation?

Because we're seeing the tit for tat

already with Harry and Megan back in

town. Should King Charles react to the

accusation that he is to blame for this

loss?

>> He shouldn't say anything. Um because

just carry on regardless once if he

starts or members of the royal family

start responding to all this stuff. Then

we then it just starts to spiral out of

control. The king has done what he had

to do through that letter saying right

we now know the ground rules and he's

not now going to respond. And I do think

it is sad that he doesn't go to

Invictus. the king um has to be put in

this difficult position about what does

he do about the invictus games because

under any normal circumstances

you'd expect him to go to this because

as the leader of our armed forces this

is exactly the sort of thing the king

should be going so somehow and I know

the people taking part would probably

really appreciate the king going there

and that is the dilemma for the king how

does he balance this out with the people

who are taking part and my son who will

then start to be using this at look at

me I'm back in the royal family and I'm

sure the difficulty Megan likes turning

up at the Invictus Games and being the

center of attention much to the

annoyance of many of the people who

organize the game because it creates a

whole soap opera which is not the point

of the Invictus games. So I do feel that

when it comes to the fight crunch, when

they come to the opening ceremony,

closing ceremony, I think it's going to

be a hard one for the king because his

service in him would be I've got to go.

But it's the drama that will surround

the whole Harry episode with regard to

the Invictus Games that will add a an

extra dimension to it, which is not the

point of the Invictus Games.

>> Andrew,

I think that there's a clear solution

here. The king cannot stand on a podium

next to Harry and Megan. The world would

lose it. Harry and Megan would get

exactly what they wanted. Redemption. I

think the clear solution is that well

also it would in my opinion it would not

justify but it would make the havoc that

Harry and Megan have caused over the

last last six years. It would be like no

all is well. Like it would it all is

forgiven. I think that the Sussex's

would have to publicly apologize for the

king to actually show up to Invictus. Do

you think that that's the solution even

though we might not think that that's an

option because they're so out of their

mind when it comes to their own egos?

>> Yeah. Well, funny enough, as an agent, I

was sent a book proposal the other day

from a marketing man PR man with a whole

program of what could be done by Harry

Megan to win back public sympathy. Uh,

actually, and it was quite a long book.

Um [laughter]

uh but um it's I mean apology is clearly

part of it but also you know keeping

their heads under the under the radar. I

mean concentrating on a few things but

trying to pick fights or put members of

the royal family in difficult positions

is not the way to do it. And it's very

interesting to watch what's happening

with Betus and Euenei. They they've kind

of gone to ground. They're clearly not

appearing in with Saudi banks. They're

you know they they're not going out on

uh partying and stuff. I mean, they know

that they've got to lie low until and

and kind of work their passage back. And

that's exactly what Harry Megan should

be doing if they are serious about what

they say they're doing. But I think

using his own I think, you know, he's

been using emotional blackmail in all

sorts of ways. I mean, I feel sorry for

his children who are kind of pawns in

this in this fight. You know, will they

be taken out of school? Are they going

to be there for 15 years? Or will there

be some problem that they they get

pulled out? Uh, you know, what's going

to happen? Are they going to actually

meet other members of the royal family?

or are they going to be kept separate? I

mean, that's another problem for for

Charles because in some ways he's torn.

This is what makes writing about the

royal so interesting. There's the family

dynamic and there's a constitutional

side to it. Uh and he's kind of caught

between these two things and he's trying

to walk this rope which I think he can't

really do. I mean, he's got to make it

make a decision one way or the other.

>> Can you see a world I just had to

discuss this and I a little piece of me

died inside. Can you see a world where

Archie and um Louie are at Eaton

together?

>> No, I I can't.

>> Thank God

>> because I suspect that Archie isn't I

mean I may be doing him just an

injustice, but I don't think he's

probably going to get in on the entrance

exam.

>> Um but I think uh also I think that the

school would see the problems and they

would you know there would be some sort

of um line not to get him in. It's

interesting. I was talking to someone

the other day about um Euenei going to

um Newcastle and they actually turned

her down and then they realized they

turned down the granddaughter of the

queen and they actually gave her a place

on a slightly different course in order

to have her there. But so you can see

how sometimes institutions are sometimes

happy to have people and sometimes

they're not. And by all accounts, she

had a lovely time there, um, you know,

at Newcastle and were able to live a

completely normal life. And I think

that's the point. She got on with it

there. No fuss, no bother. I mean, I

know family members who knew her well

there at university. She had a

thoroughly good time. And Newcastle, you

need to go there, Kinsey. You need to go

there on a Friday night because it's, by

goodness me, there's no, it's not for

the faint-hearted. I think she she was

able to enjoy herself properly there and

and I think that's a good thing.

>> And Rupert, I mean, do you remember um a

few months ago when we were being told

that the Australia tour was a great

success and it was the blueprint for the

half in half out lifestyle Harry and

Megan wanted. The more you think about

that now after processing this letter,

do you think that this was a or or maybe

I'm giving these people way too much

credit? Was that a campaign built by the

Sussex PR spin machine to just, you

know, just for optics, just so that we

would continue to refer to them as

royals and mention that they're royals

in the media? Oh, they they've been

desperate to seen that they are members

of working royals, even though they're

not. That is their whole

commercialization of brand Sussex is

about being uh seen to have some

credibility within the royal family.

Well, since their return that I'm pretty

sure that credibility is shot to pieces

because they've just ended up looking

more needy, more desperate for that um

credibility from the royal family. and

the royal family have said no and very

firmly and Australia was their hope to

be seen to be embraced by a country that

is an important member of the

Commonwealth. We still the king, still

the head of state. Yet the greetings

from Australia was one of absolute

shock, horror and complete, you know, we

saw the crowds. No one and her sort of

attempt to commercialize it actually

just turn people even further against

the Sussex's because they just have no

idea how to behave and do things the

right way, which could have led to maybe

a repro. No, they haven't been able to

show a n just just a mini little bit of

sort of sense. But unfortunately,

everything they've done, whether it be

Nigeria, Colombia, all of it seems to

have failed. I mean, what's interesting

is we have parallels here with the Duke

of Windsor and Wallace Simpson and I

mean on their sort of faux royal tour of

Germany in 1937 and attempts to do the

same uh in America and the royal family

were always very firm with them. They

they they kind of contained them. they

they cut them out when the Duke of

Windsor wanted to come back and have a

job after the Second World War. They

said get lost. Um, and the pressure they

used on him was that he he would have to

pay tax and he wasn't going to be taxed

in France. And maybe they need to

somehow the Charles needs to find some

sort of pressure that will that will

keep the or send maybe the Sussexes

away. Um, because I I just don't think

you can have the Sussexes in this

country uh, however well behaved they

pretend to be.

Spare tax. The spare tax. It's a new

introduction to parliament.

>> Yes.

>> Andrew, I just can't get over the line

because when I put my notes together

last night, I don't think I saw this. I

think I was like, that's an interesting

line. Didn't capture the full concept

that Harry and Megan would be

complaining that the king did not

mention in this official formal, you

know, letter to the government to

government officials that they are still

loved members of the royal family. I

mean, how soft are these two? I I just

grow a pair. You've been terrorists over

the last six years.

>> Well, I think there's a very there's a

strong sense of a lack of

self-awareness, which of course we see

with Prince Andrew as well. And there,

you know, quite a lot of parallels

between Andrew and and Harry. Um,

they're shameless. they've got the the

the the sort of um skin of a rhinoceros

and they just somehow think that um they

can reinvent themselves and in some ways

Fergie's managed to do that and I think

Fergie is a great inspiration to Megan.

Fergie's been half in half out for 40

years selling jam etc. And I think they

thought well if she is allowed to do it

we should be allowed to do it. Um, so I

think that's that's an interesting

relationship for me and I mean maybe the

royal family have learned from Fergie

that that's not going to work. Uh, and

now they've really put their foot down.

But I think one of the problems is we

get such mixed messages from from the

palace. You know, at one point, you

know, people are in uh, and they're

going to ask it and the next minute

they're out and and I think, you know,

this line yesterday was good. I mean,

setting down boundaries, that's what

people want. Uh, a bit of firm

discipline.

Rupert, what is different from Megan and

Fergie? Was it Megan's proximity or

Megan's relationship with Harry and

Harry's proximity to the you know the

air? Is it Harry's proximity to the king

and the air? Is it is that what's

different between them and Fergie? I

>> I think also I don't know whether Andrew

might agree with this. I think one of

the things is I think the royal family

wanted to keep Fergie on side

>> because she did know what was um buried,

you know, in the in the in the cellar.

You know, she knew where the bodies

were, if you know what I mean. That's

probably an unfortunate turn of phrase,

but I think they wanted to keep her on

side. And in many ways they did that

because yes, she was able to go and do

all her sort of um wacky things, writing

romantic novels, I don't know, running

Weight Watchers, you name it, doing all

sorts of commercial ventures, but she

never spilt the beans. And I think that

was part of why that they gave her a bit

of free reign to sort of go off and do

her things, okay, at times. and and who

knows how needy she was at times, but I

think there was a sense that um we need

to just keep you within our control and

that's why they probably put up with her

staying at Royal Lodge and things. Um

that would be my take. So it's very

different I think to the way that

they've approached Fergie to Megan.

Megan they don't like Fergie they sort

of said right better the devil let's

keep her inside because she that's

better keep your enemies on side. Well,

I agree about the containment, but I

mean that, you know, it hasn't prevented

possibly Fergie threatening to do

another book at this stage. You know, if

she feels that basically her daughters

have no future in the royal family, she

might do that. And of course, there's

rumors that Megan's going to write

something. And I mean, that would if I

was at the palace would worry me.

>> But Andrew, she she wasn't wasn't a

working royal for more than, you know,

two years. She was I think she was a

working royal for 17 months. that I've

always felt like her intel was very

limited. She's also not dealing with the

sharpest tool in the shed and the man

that she married, you know, so I've

always felt like her intel was very

limited. But to Rupert's point, she's

dropped these teases in American media

as almost threats to the palace. I

didn't sign an NDA to the Cut magazine.

Oh, I stumbled upon my journal that I

kept while I was a working royal when I

was going through my home at Frogmore

Cottage. So, you know, it it does feel

like she might recognize why they p they

pandered to Fergie and she was leaving

breadcrumbs to to almost say you should

treat me in a similar way because I

could make your life difficult.

>> I think that's absolutely right. I mean,

I think, you know, Fergie's been playing

that game for a long time and she's

doing the same. And it in some ways, you

know, I feel sorry for the Bal family

because and I think there is a tension

between, let's say, Charles and William

on this. Charles says, you know, as

Robert says, keep her inside the tent.

Uh, and William says, "Look, you know,

we we can't keep

>> the tent's on fire. The tent is on

fire."

>> Yes. Well, no.

>> I know I'm going to read a lot here, but

I just thought that this was so funny.

And it's a little inside baseball.

you know, this is what's going on in in

Hollywood, but it's so hilarious that I

I just needed to share it word for word

with you. This is coming from Page Six,

Hollywood. Truth behind Megan Markle's

The Gentleman Role. Andrea, you were

talking about this earlier. We have some

new details. Meghan Markle never had a

role in Guy Richie's series, The

Gentleman Reports, Page Six, but rather

misinterpreted a casual conversation

with a casting director as an offer to

be on the show. Um, the Lost in

Translation moment became an

international incident worthy of a royal

curb your enthusiasm episode says page

six, which I thought was great. Um, the

trouble all began on August 21st when

Deadline published an exclusive report

that Markle was in preliminary

conversations to join Richie's Netflix

series, The Gentleman, for season 3.

Now, this is where it gets interesting

and technical. For most of the day, that

language stood according to seven

subsequent captures on the Way Back

Machine. That's the website you can go

to to see how a website's changed or

evolved or a story's changed or evolved.

It's captured, you know, every little

change. But then the wording was tweaked

to in talks to join Guy Richie's Netflix

series, The Gentleman for Season 3.

Preliminary conversations versus in

talks is an important distinction in

trade lingo. Conversations are usually

just that. While talks usually mean an

offer has been made, sources tell Page

Six Hollywood that Megan never actually

had an offer and had just one

conversation with the series casting

director. She took it as an offer, said

the source, and it wasn't. And Markle

and Prince Harry thought it would be

helpful in the moment for there to be a

reason for their move. Another source

agrees that there was never a formal

offer, but counters that the interest in

Megan joining the cast was initiated by

Guy Richie. William Morris Endeavor reps

both of them did not respond to a

request for commentary. And Megan, of

course, declined to to comment on this,

but one source close to the both of them

that claims to work have worked with

them in the past said when it comes to

Megit, they just can't help themselves,

which is a you know, they can't get out

of their own way. Um, Andrew, does it

surprise you none to hear the backstory

behind the avalanche that became Megan's

big Hollywood comeback gentleman story?

>> No, it doesn't. I mean, that's, you

know, we've had recollections vary, you

know, going back a long way. And I think

they believe what they want to believe.

I think what's so stupid is they must

have realized that this this story would

unravel uh I mean, by just people

talking to a few people. Um, and I just

wonder if there's something like that

with with Charles that in some ways they

they think they've said something to

someone and and in their minds they

have, but they haven't in reality. But

it's an extraordinary thing to do. But

you you're absolutely right. It's trying

to create different narratives that they

haven't come because things haven't

worked out in the States. They're worked

out because they're new opportunities in

Britain. But I I do think that they've

come to Britain for opportunities and

opportunities to kind of link themselves

more closely to the royal family because

it clearly wasn't working in the States.

and they couldn't make a go of it

without hanging in to the to the royals

connections. And it's exactly what

Fergie did. I mean, hanging in their

limpet like on poor old Andrew uh

because that was the only way she was

going to monetize her position.

>> Rupert, it's interesting that they

leaked this and the story goes into this

in more detail, but they they leaked

this to Australia. I mean, it is it's

going to take a minute for us to get

word back over here in the States and

for everybody to do their due diligence

and see what's going on. But does it

strike you at all as strategic or odd

that they leak it far away? So, it does

take a minute for everybody to go,

"Wait, I'm I literally just talked to

Guy Richie and he's going, "What the

hell?"

>> Well, I think they've all just gone,

"What the hell?" I think they try every

trick in the book to try and make their

stories sound legitimate. And if they're

sending it out to Australia, yes, the

time difference, we wake up and we see a

splash. Look, she's in the gentleman.

Well, we talked about it in Heirs and

Spares earlier this week when you showed

me the clips of the actors and

actresses. Their eye rolling

indifference when the poor creatures

were asked at their various red carpet

events. Showed you what the cast

actually thought of it. Probably what

Guy Richie thinks of it. Look, she's not

going to just walk into a park. I

wouldn't be a casting director who would

go within a hundred miles of Meghan

Markle because you know that it would

end up being all about her and actually

all the other actors and actresses will

be absolutely fed up to the back teeth.

So I don't think she's done her cause

about thinking she's going to become a a

much in demand actress again any good at

all because she's played it all wrong.

She should have only time we should have

heard that if she was being something if

she'd signed the contract and look at me

I'm going to be in the gentleman but no

we you know all I could say that you

know I can say and I I'm happy to admit

it I went UP FOR A POSITION IN THE CROWN

THE CROWN AND FAILED but I but I and so

but I failed I went for an audition but

I didn't get the part. So, you know, but

I I wouldn't suddenly announce that

before. I'd only say if I had got the

part in the crown. I can admit now that

I failed my audition and I'm I've been

scarred ever since. But

>> you were too good. You were too good for

it.

>> I'm sure they've regretted that. But

since

>> Yeah, exactly.

>> Unfortunately, my Peter O Sullivan, it

was for the 60s and I don't commentate

like they do in the 60s. So, I did it

all wrong, darling, and I've I've been

scarred. But the point is, isn't it

right? you should only admit to

something and if she'd got a part we

would have and there it was and Guy

Richie could have said looking forward

to working with Megan on the next series

of the gentleman which we're beginning

series three how good you know that

would have looked credible but instead

we've had another soap opera about her

what they did and thinking this would be

a good for her image well it's actually

tarnished her image and as I say no more

casting directors would want to go

anywhere near her I don't think

>> I only have one person that pops into my

mind that I think would voluntarily hire

her at this point, and I hope you're

familiar with him, but I'm not sure you

would be, Ryan Murphy, who does American

Horror Story, but you know, he does this

stunt casting. He cast uh Cindy

Crawford's uh daughter and Richard

Gear's son in his last show, The Shards.

They were they were married. So, of

course, all the headlines are about

these two Nepo babies who parent whose

parents he constantly casts Kim

Kardashian,

you know, famous for a sex tape with Ray

J. Um, he's holding a spot for Ariana

Grande in something that's coming up.

She's dealing with a lot of personal

problems right now. So, he loves that

type of casting. That's really the only

place I can see for her.

>> Yes. Well, who knows? We may get a story

soon coming that she has been cast.

Maybe you could bring them together.

>> I wouldn't I wouldn't do her any favors.

Um, can I ask you does when Rupert talks

about, you know, Harry and Megan uh

basically pulling the trigger too soon?

Is that a consistency we see with them

where they announce things that, you

know, haven't come to fruition or they

announce things that meet me at the

lake, the wedding date, Harry's

Afghanistan movie, what happened to

Harry's African documentary?

uh you know like how we could go we

could probably spend an hour talking

about things that they've announced that

actually never actually happen.

>> Yeah. And they don't seem to learn the

lesson. They just keep doing it which is

so extraordinary. I mean uh I I don't

know. They just take take the press for

fools because and of course it just

alerts the press to check everything

they say. Uh and you know again I found

this with Sarah Ferguson and a bit with

Andrew. I mean everything had to be

checked because you couldn't believe

what they said. So I I mean if if you

had to have a case study in how to do

bad publicity, the Sussex's would be the

classic example. Uh and I I just don't

understand it that they haven't got some

sort of nouse to work out that this is

this isn't the way to do it.

>> And then Rbert, they go to Ravik and

they they go to the media and they say

there's all of this attention on us and

you know we're not safe and we don't

understand why people are obsessed with

us. But then they pull stunts like this.

>> Well, that's their stupidity, you know.

Less is more. Just shut the up is all

they've got to do, you know. And and if

I tell you what, Andrew, just send them

a copy of that book you were sent and

say, "Read this and you might help

yourself." Um, make one [laughter] just

a copy of one, okay? And send send it to

them.

>> I suggest you interview him for the

program. Yeah, it' be brilliant.

>> And and they just need to But they need

to listen to people who know better. But

the trouble is they don't listen because

they think they know best. But they just

need to look at the way the last six

years have gone and think well when are

we going to actually look at ourselves

and say we we don't seem to be getting

this right. Are we to blame? But

unfortunately they they can't see that.

And we all know right sensible people

can look in and say this has just been

an unmitigated disaster after disaster.

Yes, they may have been paid a fortune

for spare, the Netflix documentary, but

since then they've been scrambling

around to try and get some degree of

credibility and and they just keep

making mistake after mistake and

returning to Britain. Those mistakes

have just continued.

>> What do you think is going to happen

with Senal, the defamation suit, Andrew?

Do you think Harry's going to

desperately try to settle or do you

think that that could be another

humiliation for him in court? I think

could be another uh humiliation because

I mean the sensible thing would be to

settle.

>> Um but he always I mean I make the

analogy with the bone. He just can't

leave the bone alone. Uh and you know we

had this case of the male case. I mean

that where he's now going to have to pay

large sums of money. You know that case

should never have been allowed to go

ahead. I don't know how the lawyers did

it. I mean even the star witness was was

kind of backing off before they went

ahead and as a result you know anyone

anyone listening to advice or anything

would would have said actually yes we

need to just get out of this before it

becomes a disaster. So he's he's just

got a screw loose somewhere and they ju

I just can't understand how people keep

making the same mistakes time and time

again.

>> 100%. Hey Rupert, would you help me with

this next story? I thought of you when I

saw it. Prince William is launching a

suicide prevention guide for sports

teams. Um, this initiative is aimed

specifically at the sporting community,

encouraging people to have the courage

to start difficult but potentially

lifesaving conversations. Uh, and he

wants to talk he wants players and

coaches and managers and even fans. He

wants them all to have the tools to

recognize when someone may be struggling

and understand how they can step in to

help. It's a new toolkit he's created or

how you know he's promoting I should say

called on your side and it's going to be

available actually it's available right

now um and encourages everyone involved

in sports at every level and across um

you know any sport to have the

discipline and um to have the curiosity

to reach out to people that he you think

are struggling. So, Rupert, some big

names are attached to this, not just

Prince William. He's attracted a a great

community of of kind of sports legends

to help him promote this.

>> Yes, he was launching it at Everton

Football Club and where actually a

former uh player Gary Speed was a much

loved Welsh manager, football player. he

committed suicide and actually I think

you know the one of the big problems is

suicide amongst young men and sport

obviously is where men get together and

everyone's think being all sort of macho

and all trying to just say everything is

all right but actually this is quite a

good initiative look and I the sporting

world has because of that sort of macho

element sometimes people feel it's hard

to talk I mean actually one of the

extraordinary things is cricket

obviously you're going to glaze over,

but obviously our equivalent of

baseball. But cricket actually amongst

for ex cricketers has some of the

highest rates of suicide after people

retire from the sport because they lose

that link of team that being in a team

and suddenly you're on your own and

young football players have been

managed. If you think when you retire

and suddenly you're still a young man

and your sporting career ends, you're

left with a void because if you think

about it, you take get taken on as a

school boy or then life is looks to have

a trajectory which is going to take you

to the very top and then suddenly it's

over and you say over by 30 which is

actually means you've got way over half

your life in front of you but what

you've done for half of your life is

only one thing. So this I think is a a

very good initiative that the Prince

William has instigated. We know his love

of sport. We know he's president of the

FAA FA. So I think it really chimes and

I can speak from personal experience

because I had a work colleague at Talk

Sport work with him on golf and

everything. A lovely guy, but he did

unfortunately um have a few mental

problems and he committed suicide. He

was the most wonderful passionate sports

reporter. We covered rider cups and then

you know just less than two years ago

sadly or rather just over two years ago

he committed suicide and it just it was

very sad. He had tried to talk. We

thought he was better but sadly it

didn't. he and did the worst thing of

all. And you know, for me, I think it is

something to see Prince William going

out there and doing that and leading it

can only be a force for good. And if it

helps one person, then it will have

achieved something. So, uh, fair play to

all the sports people who were there in

Liverpool today at the Everton Football

Ground. And I hope it does just help

open the door for people within the

sporting environment to feel they can

talk because it is a sort of macho world

where people say we don't have problems

but young men and suicide it's a huge

issue in this country.

>> Katherine went with him. I mean you know

as a real sign of solidarity and and how

serious they're taking it. And I just

wonder is there a slight sort of

parallel with invictus? I mean this is

again sport and and people who have

suffered uh and I just wonder maybe it's

unconscious the link but I just wonder

if if if someone is you know the the

people can draw will draw parallels

between the two

>> they certainly would have paired well

together it sounds like but I rupt as

you're saying that how that's an issue

in your country it's I'm now seeing all

the headlines that I've

>> I'm flat flashbacks of all the headlines

I'm seeing of the the football players

the NFL players that are taking their

lives so young here in the states and

I'm always like why why on earth would

you you just had the world by the tail

but you've just explained that to me. So

thank you for doing that and explaining

it in such um an you know an ele elegant

way. But um yeah it it was nice to see

the Princess of Wales join him. Andrew

the Prince and Princess of Wales you

know are uniquely competitive when it

comes to sport in their own home. They

love sports. We're seeing Prince George,

his love for sports when we see him show

up to some of these events with Prince

William. You know, I just appreciate the

fact that they recognize where there's a

true fire underneath them and that's

where they pursue their ventures because

we see it in them that they actually

care about it. And it's not just like

show up, have your picture taken, leave,

which you know, we could throw some

examples out there of others that have

have done those those types of things.

Uh do you think that um we will be

seeing more of them and despite the

chaos that the Sussexes have brought in

into town? Do you think that the whales

are going to continue to act as if

they're not there? I mean, I think this

policy of dignified silence and and just

getting on with the job is is absolutely

the right one. But yeah,

>> and I think it's really important that

mental health that Prince William has

always advocated and he's always linked

it also to sport as well because he's

done podcasts with players. Again, it's

all has a sort of mental health

background and I think it's very

important that he sees that sport is a

force for good. It brings people

together but at the same time there is

this dark element towards it and it

doesn't necessarily mean it's an elite

ele ele um level as well because you

could be in your local five side team

you know that someone comes along yet

you think he looks well but actually

he's not and I think that was very

important we see this and we know the

benefits of the invictus game for these

service personnel to have something that

gives them a sense of purpose and sport

does but at the same time and And I

think this was so good of seeing both

William and Katherine there today united

because they know that mental health is

is the dark killer in many ways for

young men and and it's there to be

promoted and them being there h it's

what is so important about the royal

family. This was the royal family doing

what they do best without the soap opera

of the Harry and Megan and this was

great to see them and looking at the

headlines today and Andrew would have

read them well nothing but good will

come out of what they was done today. So

this was the royal family and the prince

and princess of Wales doing what they do

best and showing what value they can

bring to the table.

>> Can I just make an observation Andrew?

You know you brought up that the

princess of Wales was there. We and it

was I I got the briefing. It was just

supposed to be Prince William that

showed up at this event today and it was

the both the Prince and Princess of

Wales. After the Oprah interview, the

Princess of Wales, uh it was Katherine,

it was the the Duchess of um Cornwall at

the time. She was supposed to show up to

an event solo and there is Prince

William showing up with her, surprised

to all by her side after the Oprah

Winfrey sit down. There's just such a

difference in the way these two couples

behave because when is hitting the fan,

the prince and princess of Wales are

arm- in-armm and show up together and

they they you know it's it's dignity,

it's strength, it's you know it's unity

and and Harry is solo. You know, Harry

loses his court case. Where the hell is

Megan? Totally MIA. I mean, where's

Megan now? But Megan tends to disappear

when times get tough. And the Wales

family, they show up arm in- arm and

strong when when things aren't, you

know, when things are questionable.

>> Yeah, absolutely. You know, I mean, I

think and this is where the royal

family, you know, makes use of of, you

know, the the family unit. Uh, and I

mean, we see that solidarity, I mean,

time and time again through different

generations. I mean, uh, I mean, Prince

Philip, the way Prince Philip supported

the queen, too. Um, and I think also

it's very interesting because I mean

suicide in some ways was a taboo subject

and actually not a fashionable subject

and I think to to draw attention to it

um uh you know shows that they are going

to places that the royal family haven't

been to before. But I agree it is

extraordinary. Megan is not there

supporting him. It doesn't look like

it's a strong marriage in the way that

the the Prince and Princess of Wales

does look like it is you know a team a

real team effort. Uh and you see it

again with other members of the royal

family. I mean, Sophie supports Edward,

Tim Lawrence supports Princess Anne,

Camila is very much supportive of of of

Charles. And that's what people want to

see. And that's why when they see

fractured family relationships, you

know, that's when the royal family

suffers. Um, and you can see why Charles

should should want to kind of bring the

two sons together because clearly it's

not good for the institution as well as

rather upsetting for him. But the

problem is they could only bring the two

of them together if this prepared to be

a concession uh from the one who caused

all the rumpus in the first place. And

there's no sign of that yet.

>> I want to say when Rupert asked me who

he was going to be on the show with

today, he was very excited that was that

it was you. He he very much admires your

work. So before we go, Rupert, is there

anything I might have forgot forgotten

to ask or is did you did I I phrase

something that you or did I say

something that you'd like to go off of?

Ask him. I I should say I'm I'm

delighted to be paired with Rbert

because um you always it's a bit like

being with our friend Miranda. You

always have a good laugh and I think we

we were very much on the same page in

many respects too. So it's a it's um uh

it's it's a good pairing. U

I'm sorry um but for for Kinsey's sake,

my friend Percy's just walked in and

he's wet. It's obviously raining in the

Cotswwells at the moment. uh unlike the

Sussex's who are certainly not raining

in this part of the country as far as

the good people of the Cotswwells are

concerned. But anyway, good to see you

Percy. Anyway, and it's always a joy

>> tit and with Kinsey too.

>> Thank you. Uh no, I mean Megan probably

is having to shop for some rain boots

and some rain coats. Rupert, this is a

new reality for her.

And I tell you what, when it gets dark

at 4:00 and it's muddy and it's

miserable, Soho Farmhouse will not seem

as attractive. It's all right at this

time of year. In the autumn, it's

lovely, but in about a couple of months

time, light at 8:00, uh, not before 8,

dark by 4:00, it's not much fun in the

Cotsweld. And I think she'll be

scuttling back to Monteito

um, pretty quickly.

>> I do too, Andrew. I don't know how I

think that she'll use work as an excuse,

but she'll disappear for months at a

time.

>> Yeah. No, I think so. I mean, I don't

think she I mean, particularly she's not

getting a very good reception there. Um,

but I mean, you know, it seems ironic

they've come here to give their children

a future and yet, you know, this is just

the sort of thing that's likely to break

up the family. And I I do find it very

odd that a mother should

that way. I mean sometimes and Fergie

did it and she would go off for months

on end you know to earn money. Um but

it's very rare that women abandon their

children in this way. It's normally the

man who has to go off and and and make

the sacrifice.

>> But Andrew Andrew it's my understanding

that Megan's mother was would was like a

traveling jewelry salesperson. So Megan

spent a significant amount of time with

her father Thomas. There are other

rumors out there. I know you know what

they are. We're not going to address

them here, but you know, it's my

understanding that she had jobs that

took her away in a sales capacity. And

so maybe Megan is used to that idea.

>> Yeah. Yep. No, absolutely. And that's

maybe where it's coming from. But I just

don't think it's end well this this move

to Britain uh um uh for for for anyone.

I mean, it's been that, you know, they

are the disruptors. And I feel sorry not

just for Charles but for other members

of the royal family who quietly get on

with their jobs and and and this is a

distraction from that. Um and you know

it would have been so easy if it had

been handled properly by by Harry and

Megan to actually maybe this could have

led to a great reproshort and and you

know one sees it time and time again

families do come back together but I

just can't see that happening here.

>> Rupert Percy you guys have the last

words. Well, um I would I can't see them

sticking around the Cotswwells. Harry

may, but the reason is what's he got to

do? And you know, he's he can be a

stay-at-home dad and bring up his

children and and do the school run to

wherever it is in this neck of the

woods. Can do the school run and try and

just quietly get on with his life, but

he doesn't know how to do that. And

Megan won't go down without a fight,

whatever the circumstances. And she's

proved it over here. But um it's all

it's just rather sad that it's come to

this that um we do have this continuous

Sussex saga. Um but anyway, hey ho. Um

it's keeping us it's keeping us busy,

Kinsey. Anyway, [laughter]

>> and Andrew actually

one more last word. I mean I I just see

that the balance of power has changed

here. we always thought that he was very

much under her thumb, but the fact that

she's been prepared to come here, she's

having to make the sacrifices, it's very

much on his his agenda. Um, I I just see

a slightly [laughter]

a changing of of of things. Now, I don't

know what's driven that and how that

will work out, but it does seem to me

that he's in a stronger position if they

divorce, for example. Um, I think the

rules have now changed after five if

you've been married 5 years. So, one

just wonders, you know, is this a

prelude to something else? And has he

actually cleverly got himself in a

position where he's in a stronger

position if if there was a divorce than

he might have been if he'd been in in

California?

>> Right? Because I feel like I interpret

all of this as her checking out, not him

taking control uh and the roles

reversing. I really I interpret all of

this as her checking out. They never

sued Vanity Fair for the allegation that

Megan was shopping a post divorce book.

You know, these two very ligious people

never even commented on that. When they

recruited US Weekly magazine to do a

full spread after a teeny tiny line in

the Hollywood Reporter about a dictator

in high heels, uh they never fought back

on the post divorce book. So, I just get

the the sense that she's checked out.

Ruper's going to have to tell us if he

if he catches her just like wandering

the fields in the Cotswalds.

>> Well, I tell there's lots of talk people

saying Cornbury, which is, you know,

there's all sorts of Jeremy Clarkson and

various people come along there who've

been quite animated in their views of

Sussex. And the organizers are going,

"Oh no, I hope she doesn't decide to

rock up on Saturday just because she

can." Um, so I can assure you they're

not busting a gut for opening the red

carpet at the Cornbury horse trials this

weekend, which is a bit of a glitzy

affair. All the sort of uh uh but um so

under normal circumstances, you think

she might be there, but um but I think

the only one who might possibly be there

is Beatric or Eugenei who quite like

coming along, but again would just come

under just quietly come along with their

friends and have a day out in the

Oxfordshire countryside. But um I'm not

holding my breath. We're we're not

desperate to see her at any event. I can

assure you that. Uh uh Kinsey,

>> well then I can assure you that you're

probably in a very uh you're probably

very protected because she didn't go out

in Monosceto. They'd never tried to like

create relationships with that

community. So why would they do that in

the cos? Why why would these two very

strange social people you know you if

you can do something for her though, she

might take your call. If you could put

her in a Guy Richie show, she might take

your call.

>> Uh no thank you. connections at Netflix.

>> Exactly.

>> Uh, you'd be better placed at that, I

think, probably, Andrew. I had no no

desire to be in a ne Netflix

documentary. I can assure you,

>> but you did want to be in the crown. All

right. Um, thanks everybody that

watched. Thank you for everyone that

watched our This is a wild show. This

This show felt like a lot of caffeine

happened throughout it, but I don't

think it did. Um, so we we will catch

you again next time. Rupert, I'll see

you again next week. Andrew, I got to

get you back very quickly because I I've

missed you. So, we'll see you again next

time. Thanks so much for watching. Bye,

everyone.

[music]


