King Charles

on Monday releases an unprecedented

letter reiterating that Harry and Megan

are no longer working royals, that they

are not to be treated as such in any

public or private appearances, no bows,

no curtsies, and their HR titles are in

obeyance, which means not to be used by

them or anyone else. But this headline,

Rob, amazing. Swiftly buried by who

else? The Sussex's who made it known

that they are shocked and appalled that

the king would blindside them with this.

The Daily Mail September 8th by Rob

Martin Robinson. The headline, team

Sussex hit back again in royal letter

row as they claim they did not have

enough time to quote clarify points

before palace released it to the public.

Now palace sources are telling the Daily

Mail that this is incorrect, stressing

that Harry and Megan received the letter

before its public release. Reporting has

it one hour before. But to me, Rob,

that's not the point. The point is that

these two are saying they're shocked by

this letter and the contents therein

when um they were given this information

six years ago by Queen Elizabeth at the

Sandringham Summit. Okay. What's the

shock at all? [laughter]

>> There's no shock here. This this

statement is actually confirming

something they have known for a very

long time. You're right. For for six

years. What is shocking to them is that

the king finally got a backbone and said

something. They thought they were going

to slip back into Britain and do

whatever they want. The royals have a

long history of carrying on. Just don't

complain. Carry on. Do your duty. And I

think Harry and Megan knew this and were

willing to exploit it and are shocked

that for the first time in a long time,

the king finally has a spine. The king

finally stood up. And what is so

interesting to me is he did it before

they started to make their appearances.

So there's lots of talk that the couple

that the Sussex's are looking for

different charities, different events

and they're definitely dropping the

royal name. And so this has got to the

palace and the palace has said before

they mess this up, before they push

their luck, let's nip this in the bud.

which is a very un Buckingham Palace

thing to do. They don't normally behave

this way, but what it's saying to me and

what my sources are telling me is

they're prepared for war. They know who

these two are. They know that if you

give them an inch, they're going to take

a mile. And so before they can cause any

shenanigans, they've been back 12, 13

days. Before they can get themselves

into any trouble, before they can be out

there pretending to promote the crown,

the king has issued this unprecedented

statement. Now, there's so much going on

behind the scenes with it. The timing is

everything. Um, Harry was at a media

conglomerate. Um, why he was there was

unclear. He was photographed by the

press that he hates so much, the press

that is in invading his privacy every

every minute. The guy can't catch a

break. Um, he was photographed signing

the wall where other luminaries have

have been. Um, again, unclear. Is he

looking for a deal? Is he looking to

We're going to get into what he's

reported to be up to. Um, but it seemed

as though the timing was quite

deliberate. It's not just that that that

he was already beginning to make those

baby steps. Um, it's also that Prince

George on Tuesday began his first day at

Eaton. And we can see the footage here

of Catherine, Princess of Wales, and

Prince William flanking George on his

way in. And what I love about this

footage is not just that it's calm, it's

cool, it's business as usual, it's a

momentous day that these two are still

attempting to hijack with this war of

words in the press instead of keeping

their mouth shut. Willig and George are

dressed almost exactly alike down to

their shoes.

>> Yeah.

>> And I and and and that's really

symbolic, right? Following in footsteps,

walking in your shoes. Talk to us a

little bit about this.

>> Yeah, absolutely. a huge day for George.

There was some debate of where he would

go to school and Kate initially was

rumored was reported to want a much more

casual type of school and William knew

that this school was very important

because this little boy is one day going

to be the king and he needed to be

prepared for that. We should also point

out too William loved this school. It's

the same school as his dad. It's Eaton.

People that don't know Eaton, it's a

very expensive private school. It's a

£8,000 a year.

>> 80 Yeah. £80,000

a year and it's just across the the the

river from Windsor. It's only a few

miles away from Windsor. So, it's

actually pretty close to to his home.

He'll be boarding for about the next two

weeks before he sees his mom and dad

again. But William had the nicest time

at this school. He really enjoyed it.

The school really protected him. And I

thought what was so clever about today

is that when William enrolled in this

school over 30 years ago, there were 300

members of the press standing in that

courtyard to take his photograph to film

him. Today, yesterday there was just one

camera crew, one photographer, one

camera crew. They kept it small. They

did it together. This footage has been

shared around around the world. But now

they hope that their son is given a

little bit of privacy. And instead of

screaming and shouting about it like the

Sussex's do, they handled it, I thought,

just so smart, so professional. We've

got the footage, we've got the

photograph. He looks great. And now I

think the press will respect his

privacy. And so I think this is such a

smart move instead of um leaking

pictures on on Instagram which as

Megan's been doing which only increases

the value because we've not seen the

faces of Archie and Libbert clear

photograph of their faces is worth a lot

of money. A clear picture of George is

not worth a lot of money at all.

>> You know after Diana died the rules were

rewritten and the the British press was

happy to they it was not a fight. It was

not a scrum. Everybody took a pause and

they were happy to and my understanding

as well before we get into the king's

reaction to the Sussex's clapping back

is that um the the discussion between

Katherine and William you know Eton

educates kings. William had a wonderful

experience there. He has lifelong

friends he made there. Katherine I think

coming from um a background that

everyone else in the world can relate

to. I think her concern was she she

wasn't quite ready to let her

12-year-old go,

>> you know, and she wanted him home for a

bit longer, which is so understandable

and so relatable.

>> Yeah, that's what my sources tell me. It

wasn't about her son, it was about her.

She just wasn't ready to to say goodbye.

And this was something that her and

William discussed for a really long

time. And I think they they've probably

made the right choice. Once again,

William had the most wonderful time

there. I think when you talk to

Americans, I I'm a Brit. I went to

boarding school for for a while, too.

Lots of Brits do this. It's not that

unusual.

>> A lot of Americans do, too. But it's

definitely a class thing. You know, you

have to have the means. And it's

typically also parents who are very very

busy. You know, I I I think a lot of

entertainers kind of park their kids at

boarding schools. You know,

>> I wish him the best there. I I I I did

not have very many fancy friends growing

up, but when I went to university, I met

a couple of people, four or five, who

went to Eaton, and they said it was a

delight. They said it really prepared

them for for for not just work, but for

for life and this this young man is

going to have an extraordinary life.

Let's point out, too, while we're

talking about timing, because I think

it's so important. It's the anniversary

of the Queen's death.

>> And that's and the king's coronation.

Yes. And that's what scared the palace.

They were terrified what Harry and Megan

were going to do on that day. They

didn't know. They couldn't trust them.

They ended up not doing anything. But

you never knew. And so before that day

got ahead of them, the king wanted to

make sure that they knew they did not

represent the royal family. Now Rob,

there are two things about this

extraordinary letter that King Charles

issued to the world's media but pointed

directly at his son and my opinion

gastly daughter-in-law. They're both

ghastly. Um, one is that then the palace

said after after the Sussexes said, "We

wish we could have had time to re review

so we could add our notes. You know,

Megan loves to redline. she's such

an asshole."

uh you know like like no he's the king

of England and he's telling you

to do something. It's not up for

discussion. That's not how this

works.

>> Uh the king said well I'm not the palace

said that the palace will not be drawn

into a war of words with the Sussex's.

It's our f Okay, good luck. They need to

really grey rock. They really do. But

you have an exclusive that this letter

was um the precipitating event was that

Prince William

was pushing King Charles to make this

very clear. It is binary. It is gray and

and it is white and black, excuse me.

There is no gray room. There is no

nuance. There is nothing. There is no

little pocket to exploit. They're not

working royals. Go away.

>> That's it. That's what the statement

was. This is William. The king is very,

very soft about this stuff. It's not in

his nature. It was not in his mother's

nature. They just didn't make statements

like this. This is why it's so

unprecedented. William was smart enough

to know we live in new times. We live in

in in a new world. And if these two

start turning up and kiss babies and go

to hospitals and do charity events that

appear to be royal events, before we can

correct that, it's going to go around

the world on social media. Everybody has

a telephone. Everybody can video can

video stuff. And so William is a much

more modern man. He understands this. He

understands publicity much greater than

his dad. I'm trying to be generous here

to to Charles too. But this was William

in the driving seat. And it was short.

It was precise and they had no input on

it because it's none of their business.

If you leave a job, let's remember to

they didn't get fired. They didn't get

kicked out the family. They left. If you

leave a job, you can go back and visit

people and maybe even go back to the

canteen, but you can't work there. You

have a

>> You don't even get your own bad. Your

badge is disabled. You can't even swipe

yourself in. You got to like show your

ID and someone has to come down and get

you.

>> You're a guest. You're now a guest in

this house. And this has been a bitter

pill for Harry and Megan to swallow cuz

I really think they thought they were

getting away with this.

>> Oh, they really did.

>> They did. They thought they were.

>> They did. They issued that statement to

people. remember like two weeks ago that

was like they really felt they

accomplished what they set out to do in

America which was perfect the halfin

halfout model that the queen forbade and

then they said oh we're going to just

take our show on the road and go back to

the UK where we'll just refine it even

further.

>> Yeah. I I was told too and I I think

this is such an important detail that

where William convinced his dad to do

this was to lean into his grandmother

into the king's mother. King Charles

adored Queen Elizabeth. And I think that

William, my sources are telling me say

that William didn't have to make much of

an argument. He just repeated his

grandmother's argument. He said that

we're on the anniversary of Granny's

death. This is what she wanted. We're

not saying anything new here. We're not

even coming up with a new policy. We're

just repeating. We're reinforcing the

policy that is in place. And I think

that made it so much easier for the king

to swallow because once again this

statement is not King Charles. He

doesn't want to do this and it was done

which tells you how dire how important

this statement was.

>> It's so smart to however it was if that

is indeed the the tactic. I don't I I

don't mean that in a bad way. This is

all strategy uh that William used it.

It's very very shrewd because he it was

so important that this this came from

the king and that this mess wasn't left

on William's front door so that he looks

like the bad guy because that is also I

think the game that these two are

playing. Let's make William look like

the big bad coldhearted bully. And to

your point that this was done on the

anniversary of the queen's death. The

reporting at the time was that when the

queen was on her deathbed that the

Sussex's were fed false information to

see if it would leak to the media,

[clears throat]

>> which they were, and indeed it was,

>> and that Harry was also gobsmacked that

he was not invited to fly with his

brother William to the Queen's bedside.

Further, Catherine, Princess of Wales,

who was much loved by the Queen, she

called Catherine our trust, our I think

our well-loved and trusted Kate or

trusty Kate.

>> She couldn't go to the bedside herself

because it was a way to just sort of

neutralize Marl so that she couldn't

 and moan, "Well, Catherine was

allowed. Why wasn't I?" Which I think

was just a travesty that Catherine

wasn't allowed to pay her respects as

far as we know.

>> That's just shows you. It's a great

example, Morin, of how the family bent

over backwards to try and appease these

two. And we've seen it throughout

history. Appeasement doesn't work. It

just gives the bully more ammunition.

And the bully here was Megan and Harry.

Every time the family has turned the

other cheek, they've kept pushing for

more. And I was really worried about

this. I thought they were going to win.

I thought turning up on their doorstep,

taking the war to the palace, taking the

war to a dad who is just not equipped to

fight this war, I thought they had the

home term advantage. And that's why when

that statement came out, I was shocked.

I I've covered the royal family for

what, 30 years? I've even worked for the

royal family. I was Princess Michael of

Kent's publicist, so I know this family.

This statement is absolutely

unprecedented. It is groundbreaking. We

are right to spend as much time talking

about it as we can cuz this is history.

This is the day that the king drew the

line in the sand. Something he doesn't

like to do it. He's barely done it on

his disgraced brother. He's certainly

given his son every advantage he

possibly can. I'm talking about Harry.

And finally, the king drew a line. And

that's why the Sussex's were surprised.

They were shocked. They

>> Yes, I think you're absolutely right.

It's not even what was in the letter. It

was that it was ever issued in the first

place and that it was issued by the king

who they thought they were go or Harry

definitely thought he was going to

steamroll right over him and like push

all the buttons. Okay, here's another

exclusive and why this is so important.

And by the way, I don't think it's over.

Like they're not going to stand down,

Harry and Megan. They're not. Are they

going to have respect for an ailing

monarch if a lion in winter? No. No.

You're exclusive. And this is something

again William said, "We're done. We're

done with this. We did this for her 20th

and we will never speak of it again or

or or memorialize it in a way in a film

in whatever. It's not happening."

Harry's Princess Diana movie has a

surprise star. Your exclusive Rob Megan

 Markle. I'm reading from your

report. Prince Harry is making a

television film about his mother,

Princess Diana. But sources tell Naughty

but nice the project has another major

player, Megan Markle, who will narrate

the film. Harry has begun approaching

Diana's friends and associates about

participating ahead of the 30th

anniversary. And the importance here is

that Megan won't merely support her

husband behind the scenes. Her voice

will guide viewers through Diana's life.

Megan isn't getting a cameo. A

production insider tells Naughty but

nice. She's becoming the voice of

Diana's story that makes her a central

figure in the film. Rob, this is I think

it's disgusting. It's disgusting. And

again, it's like, oh, William says he

would like something not to be done. Oh,

we just let give let's do it. Let's go

to town. I I would say before I give it

to you, I would say that any of Diana's

friends and associates who are

considering appearing in this film that

Harry and Megan are doing should kiss

any relationship with the actual British

royal family goodbye.

>> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. I've done a

ton of these documentaries. In fact,

just last week I was in talks there.

There's going to be two new Wendy

Williams documentaries and I the show so

many times that both of them have asked

me to appear and the first questions I

ask is who's narrating it? Who's telling

Wendy's story? Yes, we're the talking

heads. We're the experts, but who's the

narrator? So, when the Daily Mail broke

the story that Harry was working on on a

on a movie, a TV movie about his mother,

I hit the phones right away. And

immediately people said, "It's Megan."

And it's not Harry's movie, it's Harry

and Megan's movie. It is the two of

them. She fancies herself as a TV

producer. She has been on television

shows. Some have been hits. And so she

really does feel quite quite

quite important within the world of

television. She thinks that she knows

what makes a great documentary, what

makes a great show. We know that's not

the case from her own stuff on Netflix,

but they deal that they have with

Netflix is a joint deal. So Harry and

Megan are going to deliver a

documentary. Don't forget to let's

remember at the premiere of The Lion

King six years ago in London. Harry was

trying to get her voiceover work then

the head of Disney was on the red carpet

right next to Beyonce and there was an

open mic and Jay-Z and Harry said my

wife's open for voiceovers. So I know

she wants to do voiceovers. I know she

wants to do narration. This is the

project and her husband and herself are

hiring Megan. They're not going to hire

Judy Dench. They're not going to hire a

great grand dam of the British acting

world to do this. They're not going to

hire, you know, Hugh Grant to some Brit

with some status. They're going to hire

Megan. Megan's going to narrate the

story and she feels as if she's the best

person to tell it because like Diana,

she's suffered. That's where they're

going.

>> Maybe they could show that footage of

her crossing her ankles behind uh she

passed through uh or by rather Diana's

death tunnel. Perhaps that would be

useful. You know, this is the thing,

Rob, with these two. You know, when when

those photos were released on Instagram,

when she took photos of those children,

of her children and Harry's children,

oh, by the way, the two the two shows

that were hits that she was in, suits,

minor hit. Uh, deal or no deal, that's

it. And she was on Beverly, the reboot

of Beverly Hills 90210 as a glorified

extra giving a in a vehicle to a

male cast member oncreen. You know, it

was dramatized.

>> But um you know, the point being um they

cannot be trusted. I would not be

surprised if they did not have cameras

with them rolling when they were at all

four over the summer staying with

Diana's brother who has cleaved off and

has his own thing and they're they're

going to ally themselves with Charles

Spencer. Not a great guy,

>> but this is all like this is exactly why

William is 100% right. They cannot be

trusted. They cannot be anywhere near

the actual British royal family.

Everything will be recorded,

memorialized, written down for Megan's

future memoir, and it will wind up on

Netflix next summer for the 30th. It

just will.

>> Yeah. They've been back what, 14 days?

13, 14 days. There's no meeting. There's

no phone call.

>> Page Six is reporting that King Charles

is flumxed. They made this big

production about coming back to the UK

and Harry hasn't spoken to him in the

entire time. He hasn't made one effort

to reach out.

>> They've not spoken. Not only have they

not spoken, there's nothing on the

schedule. I asked a palace insider, do

they have a late September and October,

maybe a November meeting set up?

Nothing. There's nothing on the

schedule. They turned up, they they they

arrived in Birmingham, England, my my

hometown. They jumped in cards. They

went to the Cotswwells and they've

disappeared.

Nobody's seen them. They have the

emails. Charles does have an email

address and he also has a cell phone.

They have the numbers and they could

have emailed him. They could have they

could have phoned him. Nothing. There's

been absolutely no no connection at all.

And I think this is why this statement

is is so important, too. I know that a

lot of the local authorities, a lot of

people that represent the the crown in

the little local counties in Britain,

they've been reaching out to the palace

saying, "What do we do with these two?

Like, who are they? Are they royals? Are

they not? The military reached out to

the palace asking, "How do we dress him?

Is he his royal highness? The police

force has reached out." And so I think

this was the king finally reluctantly

telling everybody in Britain, they're

private citizens. That's what they are.

>> It's incredible so much. And we'll we'll

remember this when they also pull out

the other card. Oh, we just want the

children to have a relationship with

their grandfather. If that was really a

prime motivator, there would have been

communication. There would have been

outreach from these two towards the

king.

If you're someone who loves the ritual

of coffee, of making coffee, the smell,

the percolation, but you don't always

love the caffeine, check out Mudwater.

It's a great alternative for your

morning routine. Their original blend is

made from cacao, chai, turmeric, and

functional mushrooms. It's warm, spicy.

is kind of like a healthier hot

chocolate. Mud water has about 1 17th

the caffeine of coffee, so you get a

little energy and focus without the

jittery feeling or the afternoon crash

often to follow. The easiest way to

begin is with the mudwater starter kit.

You get the full size tin of your

choice, plus a rechargeable frother,

free gifts, and free shipping. They've

got four flavors: original, coffee,

matcha, and turmeric. So, there's

something for everyone. Make the switch

to cleaner energy. Go to

mudwwater.com/nerve.

Grab the starter kit. Use code nerve for

43%

off. The frother alone is worth it. 43%

off with code nerve at mudwater mud

dwtr.com.

After you buy, they may ask how you

found out about them. Please support our

show. Let them know that you are a

troublemaker and that the nerve sent


