He's a rudderless ship. He's [music] got

nothing going on in America. He's got no

friends there. They will not trust

anything Megan's do because everyone

will feel there will be an ulterior

motive. When [music] she's not stuck to

him, then he can actually be the Harry

of old. She thought she was the star of

the royal family trying to look like

they are still relevant. She has spent

the last six years [music] dissing this

country. She's getting 8,000 clicks on

her website in a month.

>> That's not a viable business, [music] is

it?

>> Harry still thinks he's owed an apology.

He can go whistle, can't he?

>> Absolutely. It's the other way around.

>> Well, we have it on good authority that

Harry and Megan are going to relocate to

the Cotswwells in Oxfordshire, which is

a very posh part of the world. So, let's

speak to someone that lives there. He's

a man of means. He is the globally

renowned royal commentator Robert Bell.

Robert, welcome to the Mark Dolan Show.

>> Well, what a privilege. Uh, normally we

have to speak at some ungodly hour in

the morning for your other job when we

do a little bit of talk. Um, but to

actually be able to do it in the evening

and with a cocktail. I mean, I I'm not

sure what's happened here, Mark. So, um,

a delighted to be able to join you on

your channel.

>> Well, let me tell you, Robert, that you

get better with a drink. You know the

saying in venino veritas and I'm going

to need some veritas from you today

because you know this area the

Cotswwells the Sussexes are looking at

properties in that area. It's my

understanding they're going to rent

until they work out what their long-term

plans are. Why do you think they've been

drawn to that part of the country? uh

Soho Farmhouse, Dalesford, and there are

one or two people who are live in and

around the area that probably are in a

position to help them. And they also did

live here back in the day um because I

know um various people who helped find

them cottages back in the day. So, it's

probably an area from that point of view

that they are comfortable with.

Obviously, they've got to look at

schooling and look, it is a bit of a

celebrity magnet. You know, obviously we

got the Beckhams, although I'm not sure

that they're completely enamored of the

of the Sussex's um as they seem to be.

Megan would dearly love to be on posh

ground and you know, posh's business is

now turning a profit for the first time

ever and she's on going along very

nicely. So there are and obviously we

got Jeremy Clarkson, Ellen Degenerous

was or is or I'm not sure where what you

know one minute she was here but there

are lots of others who live incognito

here and you've got to look at schooling

and you know I tell you what I I mean

I've been to various sort of dinner

parties and cocktail parties and the

chattering classes of the North

Cotsworlds are sort of are are a wash

and obviously they're slightly aware of

what I do so they think I know. Well, I

know a bit, but not that much. Um, so I

I I'm feeding off the gossip. I mean,

basically, it's like a You've never

heard so much gossip. So, the chattering

classes of the North Cotswwells are in

um are in meltdown at the moment, uh,

with what's going on with the news that

the Sussex's are returning. And I know

that most of us, Mark, are going, and

I'm sure you've been asking, why?

>> What's going on?

>> We we will get to that. And that's the

million-dollar question. and what has

motivated this sudden and unexpected UK

return. Just getting a flavor of the

place. It's got rolling hills. You

mentioned Soho Farmhouse. Now, this is

an exclusive private members club. It's

part of the Soho House empire. Megan, of

course, close to a figure that helps run

Soho House, uh, Marcus Anderson. So,

who, by the way, in the past has been

referred to as her second husband. So

this is very much the playground of the

millionaire elite. They'll be among rich

and successful people. Does it feel like

the UK equivalent of Monteito? Well, I

think it's safe. And look, you can pull

up to Dales. You mean you remember last

year we had JD Vance and his 18 motor

carave rocking up down the leafy roads

to get to Dales? I don't know. Have you

ever been to Dales, Mark? Um,

>> I have. And of course, uh, for those

that don't know, it's an amazing farm

which does great produce, lovely dairy,

a nice rack of lamb. Uh, it's a really,

really farm, isn't it?

>> Well, you of course you live in London.

Of course, you're falling for it. I live

out here and it annoys the hell out of

me because basically it's full of cars

that haven't seen any mud. Uh, and

basically rock up. Now, it's a day in

the country. Let's go to Dales and let's

be ripped off. But anyway, that's my

take on it. But that's that's the local

speaking. Okay. Um cuz what I do, Mark,

is when my I go there, I look for

anything with a yellow sticker and get

their organic meat. And I think I may be

having some tonight at 50% Daleford. So

there you go. So uh but I know when you

troll up from day out uh and you go to

the Dford it's a very different vibe but

it is part of what you know creates the

mystique of uh and if she's getting in

with the Bamfords and all that sort of

stuff which is not beyond the realms of

possibility I wouldn't have thought you

know it's it's a safe place and actually

most people around here it greet

whatever's going on celebritywise with a

huge huge amount of indifference because

they just say leave leave well alone if

you know people want to live around here

that's fine look it's plays havoc with

you know the high-end houses they go

through the roof and it would be no

different but and it is the chintzy

Hollywood view ever since you know that

film Holiday

added to the um sort of mystique of the

place and it's all the picture postcard

little villages around here so I can see

why they've come here. But you know, and

obviously we're going to be burdened

with them in the this part of the North

Cotswwells, but where exactly they're

going to end up um obviously there is

speculation, but nothing has been

confirmed. And from a security point of

view, if the ch where the children go to

school, that's their issue. Yeah. And

let them get let them get on with it.

>> Most definitely. And if they're looking

to rent a property, they could easily

part with what, $30, $40, $50,000 a

month, easy.

Um,

well, yes. Uh, not Yeah. You're talking

dollars there, aren't you? Look, the

size of property they would want, you'd

be talking in excess of £100,000 at

least

>> a month.

>> Uh, not a month, but a year. the

annually you you for what the size and

if they want something that's big they

will it will be nothing less than a six

figure sum. Yeah, pretty those rent

those rents can be punchy around here

particularly for that level 30 40,000 I

mean they that might be going way beyond

but obviously they've got very special

needs and obviously they want privacy

which I understand um you know they

don't need footpath drive you know where

I live I've got a footpath just outside

my kitchen but you know that's fine when

they walk past I shoe them along very

quickly and say, "Thank you very much.

Don't look in what I'm eating, my cheap

Dalesford food. Uh, just move them on."

So, that's fine, but they will want

nothing like that. So, there will be

very specific needs. And, you know, I'm

I'm not I don't disagree with that. And

celebrities tend to want to be, you

know, open the electric gate and shut it

down and that's it. And and and no one

will be able to look in. So, they're

away from the prying eyes. But actually,

I think most people around here, their

arrival is being greeted with eye

rolling indifference.

>> Well, that's devastating and it tells

you a lot about where the brand at

Sussex currently sits in the public

psyche. Robert, what do you think is the

key motivating factor by this sudden

unexpected UK return?

>> Well, uh, I think for Harry, and I know

we've spoken about it at various times,

he's a rudderless ship. and he's got

nothing going on in America. And I think

he suddenly realizes and it may be he

may even be aware of his father's

mortality which he doesn't need to

reference but you know he's 78 and as a

man who is living with cancer or some

for we don't know the full extent and

well actually I saw the king at a

function yesterday and not the bao

tapestry one I went to something uh on

behalf of the royal victorian league

which is a very important commonwealth

um uh organization. I'm going off pie a

bit here, but I'm actually talking about

the king and he he was chatting to all

these students who were part of this and

he was so engaged. He was right on it

and then he was of course went to do the

bare tapestry thing. So he's he's fully

committed. He's he looks like he's

energized and he's doing his bit on

behalf of this country.

>> So for Harry, I just think he doesn't

know what he's doing. Look, all his

charities have been floundering. center

Bali, African parks. The rumors about um

Invictus are not always um absolutely

spot on. Yes, he's got one or two others

like WellChild, which I've got plenty of

time for, but he in Monteito, what's he

got? He's got no friends there. So, I

think he's probably said, "I need to

come back." And if you know, my

children, you know, are seven and five,

I think they are. Well, that's probably

the time they need educating here.

then we can get them into the British

education system. They can just kick on.

Um maybe this is why they've done it.

Now

how much persuading Megan had to be

given to do this? Well, we don't know

what over went over their dinner table

in Monteito with this decision. But it

must have been some time in the

planning. It couldn't have been just

when they rocked up in in July or

whenever it was and then when that

moment with the king and and all that.

It must have been before that to plan it

that and find out to plan it. So it must

have been four or five months in the

planning. But I I think it's because

he's got nothing to do in America. And

actually when he comes here, Mark, you

know, he turns up an event, it will look

like a royal visit. So the half in half

out thing is going to be such a

difficult thing for the royal family to

manage because he'll say you know there

won't be if they if if William's doing

an event on that day and Harry's going

to well child where all the everyone

going to go

they're going to go to Harry they

whether the royal family like it or not

and that's sad isn't it for the royal

family but the reality is of the way the

media works

It'll all be about Harry. Whether

whether we agree or disagree, they

manage the bad boy and the bad girl

element is what is the feeding frenzy is

about. Well, that's right. That's why

the paparazzi photographers, that's why

the journalists and the film crews will

follow Harry, not William. Not out of

preference for either of the two men,

but because Harry's the bad boy. He's

the one that makes headlines, sells

newspapers, and gets clicks.

And that's it. And we know uh you know

because it's like all these things, you

know, all publicity is good publicity.

And it's almost like you sometimes feel

the Sussex have the thickest skins out

there.

>> Um that they go, "Well, we don't care."

Working on the theory that all publicity

is good publicity. That it feeds Megan's

narrative. So it gives her the publicity

for her brand, but her brand's not on

sale here yet. And heaven for fend if

suddenly an as ever bottle of rosé

appears in Dalesford. Uh but or some

such place in in this neck of the woods.

But

>> they might they could use it, Robert,

sorry to interrupt you. They could use

Megan's rosé to clean the tractors.

>> Uh yes, they probably could. It I don't

know what it is. It does it tastes like

paint stripper. Uh she's found a very

rough a rough end of the Napa Valley.

the sketchy end,

>> the cheapest grapes.

>> Well, she's actually launching a white

wine with another one of her amazing art

artistic uh brands sort of association

with it. And you just the guff that goes

with those. But anyway, we digress. This

is the problem for the royal family,

isn't it, Mark?

>> You know that we we're in the business.

We want controversy.

Good news doesn't sell. So when Williams

out there doing what he does and does it

well and the king's doing it, it doesn't

matter. Harry's back when he goes to

WellChild in the next few days, there's

going to be plenty of eyeballs. Now the

charity are going to love it because

it's going to put focus on them. But we

know from a um news perspective, that's

the story. He's back on the road and

he's back in his country. However,

Robert, I'm less worried in the long run

because I do agree with you. Harry and

Megan are going to hoover up the

attention, the column inches. They'll be

making the front page splash of every

major newspaper for a period of time.

But it won't necessarily be good

publicity, will it? Particularly if you

look at Australia as a dry run for Harry

and Megan's fake royal act. Because I

would argue that that faux royal tour to

Australia was not great PR-wise for the

Sussexes. They went to a hospital and

were photographed with sick children.

Then they went and hugged victims of

Bondi Beach and people just viewed the

couple as opportunistic and cynical. The

same will happen when they attempt to be

fake royals here. Well, particularly

that was worse with the fact that then

Megan was hawking whatever she was

wearing on a on a clothing site, which

is an absolute no no. And um I hope

they've learned from that. And I know

I've got friends in Australia

>> who actually reacted with complete

indifference to that. And I think

Australia did react with indifference

because they could see through what the

point was. And then you saw pictures of

them walking around Sydney um opera

house which when they were there before

it was amazing. And you know that that

Australian visit was when Megan started

to say wasn't it there that she turned

around and said well why aren't I being

paid for this when she went previously.

So I'm sorry she realized from then and

that sort of indifference comes out and

then the Australian public react

accordingly and that I think is the

problem here because they don't will not

trust anything Megan's do because

everyone will feel there will be an

ulterior motive

less so with Harry because I think he

does still have an ability to connect

with the public when he's on job and we

saw that when she's not stuck to him,

then she he can actually be the Harry of

old. But when she's around, she he knows

he's got the sort of pressure of making

sure that she's the the darling and the

center of attention cuz that's what she

wants. So when he's on his own, and I've

heard it sort of verified by people, he

actually is appreciated because he knows

that's what he's born to do. And that's

what's so sad. I think about Harry the

rudderless ship now and he's coming back

now and they say he might now be doing a

lot of dad stuff. Well, that's great.

And while she's out there earning the

money as he tries to establish some

means of going forward, but I'm not sure

I I know how he's going to go forward.

>> Most definitely. Well, being a

philanthropist and a global influencer

doesn't pay the bills. You've talked

about the eyewatering cost of this UK

move. not to mention their personal

security which we will come to and I

just want to ask you about who the real

winner is here and you mentioned that

there's an opportunity for Harry and I

agree because he's coming home I think

it changes the power dynamic of the

relationship because Harry now has home

advantage before he was in America

rattling around that Monteito mansion

and that was Megan's home country of the

United States her home state of

California her industry, Hollywood. So,

he was a fish out of water. Now he's

not. Now he's in his element. What do

you think's going to happen to Megan,

particularly in those cold winter months

in the Cotswwell's countryside?

>> Well, look, and I'm married to an

American. She can't wait to get out in

the winter cuz January, February, and

March are a bit bleak. and she's

thinking, well, where, you know, okay,

um, she's now retired, so she can do

whatever she likes and send Mrs. Bell

off to go away, but it's not, but that's

not the point. But it is dark and

miserable here. There's not much to do

if you're not in the sort of country set

because, you know, there's, you know,

the shooting parties and all that sort

of stuff. Well, she made it quite clear

in before that she hated all that and

all Harry's shooting friends. when she

went to Sandringham, she absolutely

loathed it. So that's what people do

around here. Um, you know, that's

something to do. So there's only so much

time you can spend in Soho farmers when

it's a farmhouse when it's dark at 4:30

in the evening, you know. So I can see

her spending a lot of time

commuting between here and California on

behalf of her as ever business if she's

serious about it and serious about

trying to grow the band brand. But she

her desperate need to be the new Martha

Stewart I think is has so far floundered

magnificently. uh or depending on your

viewpoint. Um magnificent is probably a

bit of a harsh word, but she it's not

got beyond a

very small niche. Uh and I don't know

what the sales are like, but it's not

suddenly going to I don't think it's

going to become the international brand

that she hopes for because there are so

many people doing what she does and

she's trying to crack it, but actually

none of it feels genuine. And I'm always

a believer if you're going to be a

lifestyle guru and and like Martha

Stewart, that was that was hard one to

get to where she did, you feel like

everybody else is doing the graph behind

Megan rather than her sitting there

pouring over planning meetings and

tasting all the wine and and or you know

working out what what we should be

doing. Instead, all she her mantra seems

to just give them flower sprinkles and a

few candles and away we go.

>> Yes. This is what Megan seems to do. She

plays at different things, doesn't she?

She plays at being a frontline working

royal. She plays at being an actress,

plays at being a chef or a homemaker,

plays at being a TV host,

plays at being a philanthropist. Megan

tries everything but doesn't really seem

to gain traction with anything. I mean,

Robert, you mentioned there this idea

that she'll go back and spend chunks of

the year in California. Well, you're

right to assume that. You're right to

guess that'll happen. But I'm not

convinced that there's much for her to

go back to California for. I'm not sure

there are any big Hollywood roles, if

she wants to go back to acting,

available to her. I don't see how the as

ever brand has much of a future given

that Ted Sarandos, the Netflix boss,

tore up his agreement with her to run a

retail business. So, I don't know what

she'll be doing for these months of the

year in California.

>> Well, that's why I say I don't

understand. I I I and presumably we'll

get some accounts at some stage about

how as of as of as a brand is doing. If

it's a a proper business, it's been well

backed. I mean, no one's saying that

people we don't want people to fail, but

we just I just don't think the products

are anything different around here. You

know, I I I may have been rude about

Daleford, but you've got to applaud

what the team did behind that. That

brand has been around for 20 odd years.

Brilliant marketing. Okay, it's got

Bamford money behind it, but in a way,

Sussex's have had plenty of money behind

it to give themselves the chance to get

that brand out there because Dale was

magnificently PR to create this, you

know, sophisticated illusion that that's

and but it's been a work in progress and

now it's a huge brand. And for those

that for those that don't know, it's

essentially started as a farm and is now

an amazing retail platform with top

level premium goods, luxury goods, meat,

fish, vegetables, wine, you name it.

>> You name it. And also, you go there

every bit of wellness going on there,

you know. I mean, I know lots of my

friends go there. So, I'm not I'm I I

know how it's hard one. You don't make

that and you have to be on it the whole

time. And Lady Bamford and her team have

been on it the whole time to say this is

what we're trying to create. And you

look at the numbers that go there. So if

you're comparing, so if she wants to

step into that place, okay, it's an

online space, but it's hard one and

you've got to have good products. They

may be high-end expensive and but then

you have a consumer choice and that's

what Daleford does really well because

there are enough people who want to turn

up including the vice president of

America with an 18 car cavalcade because

they know Dale Dales is one of the you

know it's one of the if you're going to

have a holiday in Cotswwells no one

fails to not go there if I got my

negatives right there Mark. Yeah,

>> you have uh let me tell you, you

received a perfect education. Well, I'm

just searching uh with I've got a news

update for yourself and our viewers. Um

because as ever, Megan's uh lifestyle

brand

>> has dominated recent news headlines,

Robert, due to rapidly declining website

clicks. So recent and analytics data

tracked by platforms like Similar Web

and Semrush show that user engagement

and web traffic to asever.com Megan's

website

fell to uh the sharpest fall in its

history. Um, the slum. Organic search

traffic hit a 12-month low in August

2026,

dipping to fewer than 8,000

organic visitors. Total site visits

dropped over 53% from a peak of roughly

250,000 250,000 in January. 8,000 clicks

in a day, Robert. Yikes.

>> Yeah. And particularly if you're trying

to be selling a lot of stuff because you

may click but how many of those 8,000 to

buy,

you know, that's the point, you know. I

I mean, I'm sure Delu gets more clicks

than that for its online brands, you

know, if you compare like with like

Martha Stewart or anything. So that's

the problem for Megan because the

products, are they any good? Apple

butter. Well, everyone's been doing

apple butter in America since time

immemorial. Probably since the day of

the, you know, the first people who came

over um on the pilgrim fathers,

[laughter] you know, so you know what

what's new about apple butter? Um so

that there in lies the problem for

Megan. That's why if she wants to get

her brand up and running, she's going to

have to spend some hard yards driving

that business. So, Robert, I've got a

correction here because we don't do fake

news on the Mark Dolan Show, but this is

coming to you

>> live as we broadcast. That figure of

8,000 clicks, I assume that was a day.

Forgive me. She's getting 8,000 clicks

on her website in a month.

>> Well, you know, that's what

>> that's a dead business.

>> 8,000. I mean,

>> 8,000 if you're That's all you're

getting to shop. I mean, you you could

do an only fans account and you'd get

more clicks than that, Robert.

Especially after you've had a whiskey or

two,

>> might already. You don't want any mark.

>> All of those ladies could enjoy what

Mrs. Bell enjoys for a cheap. It's a

short story, Mark. Anyway, moving on.

But

>> [laughter]

>> uh uh but anyway, but that if those

figures are

>> 8,000 clicks a month,

>> well, that I mean that's not a that's

not a viable business, is it? No. on

that on those levels. So therefore,

that's the problem. So they've now she's

by coming back to the UK, which is your

original point, they're trying to look

like they are still relevant within the

eyes of the international community,

within the royal family. So people

looking in from America. Oh, look,

they're back there and they can hear and

they're doing things. So it will enhance

even though she has spent the last six

years dissing this country and it will

be and here she is suddenly having to

come back uh and back to this country. I

think he will be happier here. I hope he

will be allowed to rekindle his

friendships with the people that he knew

before because obviously when they

started there were all the stories about

how she cut him off and I've heard

stories about you know there people

saying oh god you know they made it

really difficult for his friends to feel

appreciated. Now we know we all know

people when they get married suddenly

you've been a close with somebody and

then we don't quite like the the wife or

or the husband whoever marries and and

you sort of put up with it but it

clearly she dug her heels in and said I

don't like your fe former friends and I

think that's that you know for a man

who's fragile

that would have been quite but he but he

went along with it so he needs I maybe

he has grown some in the last 6 months

Most definitely. I think that Harry now

holds the balance of power in that

relationship, arguably for the first

time since they were courting and when

he was the [clears throat] powerful

figure then as the prince and she was

the relatively unknown American TV

actress. So, it's very interesting to

see how this plays out. We know, don't

we, that William is not happy about this

sudden UK return. Our mutual friend Katy

Nicholls has been writing in Vanity Fair

based upon her royal sources that

William and Catherine feel, and I quote,

Robert, completely derailed by this

development. What about the king? Do you

think the king's happy? And did he know

about this prior to the Highgrove House

meeting?

>> This is I have no idea. I I'm I'm not

privy. I think William and Katherine,

serious eye rolling and going, "Oh my

god." Because, as I made a point

earlier, it now makes their job doubly

hard to actually try and do the things

they want to do cuz Harry's in town. And

until

uh things change with the the the

Shakespearean tragedy of the brothers

not speaking, it will continue to make

it difficult for the Wales. and and that

I find I I feel I feel sad for them.

That's the problem, you know.

>> Most definitely. What do you think

William and Katherine should do in the

context of Harry and Megan's arrival? As

we said earlier, the Sussex's will

likely make the headlines in the short

to medium term. Do they rise above this?

Do they ride out the storm? What should

their strategy be, do you think?

>> Uh stay quiet and quiet and stunned.

don't get involved. You know that this

this is doesn't need um because it will

be everything will be poured over and

analyzed.

>> You know, keep calm and carry on. You

know, stiff up a lip and carry on. Well,

would be my take on this. Do whatever

you're supposed to be doing. Just look

focused, look committed, look engaged,

do what you are supposed to do. You are

the future king of this country. you and

and your wife don't start luring

yourself to um you know press title or

anything and I think William will be

very

sure that that's the way to go forward

and I think the royal family will be

telling him because there's no point

stooping to their level. What's the

point? I I can't see any legitimate

purpose that they would gain from uh

entering into uh you know briefing their

favored press people. You know, shut up

for them.

>> No, I I agree with you. And I think that

William and Catherine can allow Harry

and Megan to have the headlines. Let

them make the noise and let William and

Catherine do what they do best, which is

commit themselves and their time and

their energies to incredible causes. uh

like for example Williams project to

tackle homelessness and Katherine's

efforts to help young people to access

nature for their mental and physical

health. These are brilliant, brilliant

causes to which the couple are so

committed and about which they're so

passionate. You are not just a

completely outstanding elite level royal

commentator, Robert, but you're a sports

broadcaster as well and you know your

soccer. Aston Villa, I think is your

team. Is that right?

>> It is. It's been an interesting period.

Uh

>> of the Villa, I think you've just won a

trophy or two in Europe.

>> Well, we won we won a trophy in in

March, went to Istan in May and and and

Prince William was there. Uh we did we

haven't had the greatest start to the

season. Thanks Mark. But

>> listen, don't you worry. It's a bit like

you in this interview. Aston Villa are a

slow starter, but you wait for the

second half.

>> Well, well, I tell you, we will. The

second half is going to be all right

now. Transfer. We've got all our players

in. In Uni, we trust. And I think that's

the mantra that William has. In Uni, we

trust.

>> Well, this is exactly it. And this is

why I mention sport because actually

there's a saying, isn't there? I think

it might be football or sport more

generally, which is that form is

temporary and class is permanent. And

that needs to be the Wales's mantra

here. They can let Harry and Megan have

the headlines. I think a lot of what

Harry and Megan do is going to backfire.

I think the British public see through

this couple. And let's not forget that

William and Katherine haven't got to

prove anything because as you mentioned

earlier, they're going to become king

and queen.

>> Absolutely. They've got the And that was

always the problem for for Megan. She

didn't like being the bit part number

six actress, you know, the supporting

actress, and she thought she was the

star of the royal family, and that was

also part of her beef. Uh yet William

and Catherine have just got on with it,

and long may that continue. Um they've

had, you know, obviously poor old

Williams had to deal with uh health

issues for his father and his wife. They

obviously it seems like everyone's

coming out the other side in in

reasonably good nick and they can crack

on for a busy autumn. But I hope it was

always going to be a busy autumn and

that they haven't sort of suddenly

thought right, we need to do a bit more

here because we need to keep him um on

the back pages, i.e. Harry. So I I'm

pretty sure they've got a lot on um over

the now the schools are going back.

Obviously George will be heading off to

eaten I think next week. So we'll see

pictures of that. That's but that's a

historical document uh in a way because

it's like a landmark occasion of the of

his progression you know his education.

and we saw first days at at Lamrook.

Then we'll see at Eaton and then you

know various other landmark moments

through his uh transition into

adulthood. So uh that's fine but I hope

from the William and Katherine they can

just get on the Earthshot stuff if

they're doing any uh tours wherever that

might be. We obviously know William's

going to India. I mean I hope Katherine

can find a way to go cuz that my

goodness me that'll put eyeballs on a

global scale because if she turns up in

India I mean it will she will be a it

will be a feeding frenzy but that's the

importance of the royal family the

global significance

it has a pulling power we've had Donald

Trump slagging off Megan and Harry

because he is a great supporter of the

late queen the king may not be so keen

on our defense spending and what he's

saying about the Faulland Islands, but

in terms of his view of the royal

family, he's an absolute royalist. So

you've got him. So that shows you the

power of our royal family as Britain

struggles to find its place on the

international stage. So it's big selling

point. And if you think as part of the

Commonwealth, you get Katherine going to

India, my goodness me, that is just like

that's stardust. It really is. It really

is. What do you hope?

>> I hope she goes.

>> Yeah. And I hope so, too. And I suppose

you may have one of those iconic

moments, something reolent of Diana in

front of the Taj Mahal following her

separation from the then Prince of

Wales, Charles.

>> Well, we don't want that. We don't want

one of those sort of, you know, brooding

over the past type photographs. We want

one looking ahead. So I hope William and

Katherine can sit looking over you know

obviously would be quite evocative when

you think nearly 30 years since their

mother died uh and all that sort of

stuff. So it would be a nice full circle

moment but I think going to India um

would be magnificent if she could and of

course it's all dependent on how does

she feel and it would not be an

unstressful visit but those are the kind

of things that they need to really

emphasize the stardust that Katherine

brings to the proceedings and William

and and that that's what's the real key

factor for them as the and for the royal

family going forward.

>> Now, Robert, I've got to let you get

back to your yellow sticker steak

>> cooked on the griddle by

>> Mrs. Bell making a a a steak burger from

Dalesford. 50% off and and and that's

finished. So, probably it's time to go.

But I don't think we've managed to get

around everything we wanted to talk

about, Mark, but I do apologize.

>> Well, we'll never get we'll never get

through everything. I'm going to go

rapid fire with you. A few seconds if we

can before you refill that glass.

Robert, a couple of quick ones.

>> There's a lot of talk that William

should apologize to Harry that according

to the Daily Mail, Allison Bchoff, Harry

still thinks he's owed an apology. He

can go whistle, can't he? Absolutely.

It's the other way round. Mere culper

from Harry. William does nothing. Keep

calm. Carry on. Not your fault, mate.

Your brother needs to come cap in hand.

And Megan's been on Instagram and she's

been celebrating her friend and mentor

Gloria Steinum who is an amazing author

and feminist icon. But can Megan really

compare herself to someone like Gloria

Steinum? Well, obviously she's

probably not, but obviously with the

news that, you know, one of the great

feminist icons, a sort of groundbreaking

on America, dying at 92 and obviously

had a huge impact on the feminist

movement and, you know, I spoke to my

wife who I would probably describe has

very, you know, very powerful views in

terms of what women's role is and Gloria

Steimman focused those. But so for Megan

it's trying to probably emphasize the

fact that yes um Gloria Steman spent

time there's a picture of them with Arch

of her with Archie. There's other

pictures last year with her. So Megan

then trying to make sure that she's seen

to be relevant and that she's tapped

into the advice of one of the great sort

of cultural American figures in terms of

feminism over the last 50 or so years

now. Um, so for Megan, it's a an easy

shot uh to emphasize her her

credentials.

>> I know, but it's completely hypocritical

of Megan because what did she do? She

ran off to England and married a rich

prince. Not exactly the feminist path,

is it?

>> No, it it's uh it's the Hollywood

princess, you know, Hollywood Diaries,

isn't it? Or whatever the films are, you

know, American in Paris and all those

Hollywood uh you know, she was living

the dream. But unfortunately for her um

you know she suddenly realized that it

it wasn't quite what she thought. But in

terms of Gloria Steman, look, we see

these pictures. It's just trying to

prove that uh that Megan is a great

champion of feminist issues. Well, I I

think some of some of it's got a bit

mudded over the years, I would suggest.

And as usual, Robert, she cannot do an

Instagram post without featuring one or

both of her children. Here we go again.

Yet another photograph, this time of

Archie. She just can't help herself, can

she?

>> Yeah. And she's put a heart over it or

something.

>> Oh, brilliant. you know and which

look privacy of the children but it's

all then just feels that you know that

just starts feeling contrived again that

we you know we know that Archie's there

two five years ago or whatever it is is

that going to be such a bad thing to

show a picture of him with with one of

the great I sort of cultural figures of

America I don't know

>> what it is it's the mixed it's the mixed

messaging isn't it It's like we want our

children to go to America so that they

can be private, but we're going to call

them Prince Archie and Princess Lily and

we're going to have them on Instagram

every 10 minutes. I mean, it just

contradicts what they're saying they

want for their kids.

>> Don't get me going on that one. That is

that's the biggest, you know, we haven't

got time for that because they shouldn't

be prince and princess. They should be

just uh like the Tindle's children.

That's that's the approach they should

be taking.

Let me tell you that you are

broadcasting royalty. And I shouldn't

speak ill of women that run to England

to marry an English prince because

that's exactly what the fragrant Mrs.

Bell did. And my goodness, didn't she

luck out?

>> Well, uh, we sometimes call it an effing

miracle, but the miracle is still

carrying on. But there we go. I could

probably use that, but there we go.

That's all right, Mark.

>> It's the ultimate special relationship.

Robert, I always love broadcasting with

you on Talk TV. Of course, you're

brilliant on Talk Sport as well, all of

your other platforms. You appear

regularly with Kinsey on Kinsey Scofit

unfiltered. You are the man.

>> Well, well, Mark, it's been a privilege

to get the call up. I I don't know what

who dropped out, but thank you very

much, Mark, for giving me the call up.

Much appreciated.

>> That call will come again. Folks, let us

know what you think of everything Robert

Bell has had to say. Please like,

subscribe, hit the notification bell,

and I'll see you soon for another big

Mark Dolan Show.

>> [music]


