If the Sussexes are serious about

reconciliation with the royal family,

wouldn't one of the simplest gestures be

to give Prince George and his parents

some breathing room during this first

term?

>> Well, yes. I mean, they if they want

reconciliation, they aren't going about

they've never gone about it the right

way because the if you want to be

reconciled, you don't um go on the Oprah

Winfrey show and accuse them of all

sorts of things and come out with a lot

of untruths. You don't write a a book um

insulting your family publicly and

saying you hate your stepmother and that

she's a witch and all that sort of

stuff. You just don't do it. And then

you you can't really expect people to be

very warm to you after that, can you?

>> Hi, Kenzie Scoffield here. Welcome to

Crowning Conflict. Prince George is

beginning a major new chapter at Eaton

College, following in the footsteps of

his father, Prince William. But what is

that first year at Eaton actually like?

And what will it mean for a young prince

who has spent his entire life preparing

for a very public future? Joining me

today is acclaimed royal biographer and

oldian Hugo Vickers. Hugo, we've got to

talk about that title because I don't

want anybody to think I'm insulting you,

but you know this school, its

traditions, and its culture firsthand.

Um, you're going to take us behind the

gates of Eaton and give us a sense of

what Prince George can expect as he

begins this important new chapter. Talk

to me about Oldtonian so everyone knows

that I'm not insulting my dear friend.

>> Yeah, I mean, to be an old detonian

basically just means that you were once

at Eden. if you if you um got through

the five years uh I mean you couldn't

call yourself an elderian if you got

sacked after a year and and in my day I

mean there was one particular boy who

got into serious trouble and the

headmaster said to him um he ran away

from the school um you come back and

you'll be you'll be caned and then I'll

give you the book and the tie you know

so in other words he could then call

himself an old detonian thank goodness

that sort of thing doesn't happen

anymore but I mean I mean it is

daunting. I mean, I felt I have felt

slightly sick all day thinking of poor

Prince George going into it. Even

though, of course, now they're much more

like holiday camps than they were

before. But, um, you know, you're going

into this huge establishment, you wear

these extraordinary clothes, you meet

lots of people that you're going to

spend five years with. You know, the

other new boys are going to follow you

through those whole the whole time that

you're there. You live in a house.

There's a housemaster. There are about

25 houses. And each house housem um has

you know maybe 30 or more boys and they

stay with him all the way through.

Sometimes you actually physically move

house and this getting complicated but I

mean they they I I moved into three

different houses as such because the

whole house moved into other while they

were doing them up. So I started off in

in um in Hodge uh Hortry House, moved to

Mana House, which is where Prince

William was, and then into Hortree House

um after Hodgson House afterwards.

>> Take us inside those first few weeks.

What is going through the mind of a

13-year-old boy who's suddenly dropped

into this enormous institution with his

own traditions, vocabulary, and

expectations. I mean, you're wearing

your your tie right now. He's got his

own uniform. Um, this is a new chapter

for Prince George.

>> Very much so. And I don't know whether

they still do it, but we were given a

color test after about um 10 days,

Fortnite or so. So, I used to have to

teach the new boys. Uh, they'd have to

learn all the house colors. They'd have

to learn the initials of the house

masters. They all they were called FJAC

or whatever you that's how it was. You I

was in KRS for example, Mr. Spencer's

house. And then um you know these things

like it's been a lot in the press about

the burning bush. It isn't it isn't on

fire. It isn't a bush. It's a lampost.

Um uh you know there's all sorts of

extraordinary things that you have to

know. And so so you get familiarized

with that. And of course also what

happens which is interesting is that

each um master or beak as they're called

has his own division room classroom and

you go to him. So you know if you go to

Mr. Bowsfield for maths, you go to his

classroom and then you might be going to

Mr. Thomas for French and he had a

classroom somewhere across. So every now

and again eaten is a mass of kids, you

know, with ar books under their arms,

you know, moving from one to another for

about 10 minutes and then the whole

place goes quiet again

>> that they have to but I tell you why

Prince George is going to be lucky which

in a way where I wasn't. He loves

cricket. So he will be very popular

because sport is still a huge um thing.

Perhaps not quite as big as now as it

was in my day. But if you weren't a

sportsman, you know, you were considered

to be slightly sort of subnormal or

strange or boring or something. But so

to be a good cricketer, which and he

loves his cricket, that'll set him in

goodstead. Not this term or half as it's

called. There are guess what? There are

three halves.

>> Yeah.

>> Not two three terms, you know. So, he'll

be playing the field game, which is a

nightmare in my opinion. Um, he won't

play the wall game, which is where you

put your head rather close to people's

football boots and a nasty little little

ball gets moved around. It's very

complicated. But the field game I never

understood the rules of. Um, yeah,

there's all those things to think about.

Oh, and then there's another horror

which I remember called the steeple

chase, which is a very long race. I

don't particularly I don't mind a a

short sprint but I can't abide a long

sort of you know sort of great run

across country you know under arches and

round obstacles. No too

>> no there there are books for us to read.

We would rather have our nose

>> sorry the other thing of course as as he

grows a little bit older there are all

these societies you can join. I used to

run the heraldry society. Lord Manbatton

was our our patron and um and we used to

get all sorts of speakers down there.

That's wonderful thing about Eaton is

that they can pretty much get anybody to

come down and talk you know um um people

do like doing that and you know we had

amazing people who used to come down and

address us and then music is a very big

um feature of the school too and the

music schools you know I saw them about

know six years ago I mean better than

London studio they're unbelievable

>> well you wrote that your father told you

when you arrive as a new boy you can do

nothing right but when you believe you

can do nothing wrong. What did what did

he mean by that? And how steep is that

adjustment period during the first term?

>> Well, I thought it was rather good. I

mean, I know what he means by that or

what he meant by it, you know, which was

to begin with somehow, you know, you're

always in the wrong and you know, anyone

can take you off and by the time you get

to the top of the school, you're I don't

think you're ever quite as ground in

later life as you are in that last year.

You know you you you have authority, you

have freedom, you can move around what

you know do after lock lock lock up and

all sorts of things. I mean you know you

are you are really quite special and

then of course you you leave the school

and you get a job in an office and you

have to serve the tea. So it brings you

back down to earth again pretty quickly.

Um but I think it does mean that that

somehow you know just just it's a

gradual a gradual process um of grow of

growing up and you know they come in as

as I mean there'll be some wretched

headmaster will no doubt say you know

you come here as as a boy you leave as a

man you know that sort of thing.

>> Yeah exactly that's exactly what I

envision very Harry Potter style. Well,

uh, our headmaster, um, I remember I

used to have great fun by saying, you

know, to the new boys, you know, he'll

sweep into the room, you know, and he's

an enormous figure, be terrified. He was

actually about 5 foot tall, so you could

hardly see him coming in. Um, but he

used to say, you know, we, one of his

lines was, we're all very small fish in

a very large sea.

>> Yes. Well, it's true. And one of the

things you learn in life, I think, um,

you know, is if you think of yourself as

a fish, personally, I like to swim

around in waters where I can always get

behind a rock if some bigger fish comes

along. It's a bad idea to to swim too

far out. Um, but the individuality, I

guess, is is one of the things which

Eaton's very good at teaching. You have

your own room from day one. Um, he will

be in a small room to begin with. He'll

have to to put his bed up against he'll

have to strap the mattress and the

sheets and then the bed goes up against

the wall and the curtain comes around it

and it becomes his study for the day. In

the evening he does the reverse process.

>> Oh wow. That's very New York that's like

a $5,000 um studio in [laughter] New

York. But yeah, I know exactly what

you're talking about. What surprised you

the most during your first year? the

academic pressure, uh the independence

you just spoke of, the traditions that

you have to learn and accept the other

boys, you know, being around other

people that were um of families of that

were very significant and important or

simply learning how eaten works, how to

navigate this new world or system.

>> Well, there are lots of interesting

points in that. I think one of the

interesting things uh perhaps about the

fact that you wear that uniform which is

you know it's a black tail coat it's

because you're in mourning for George

III all those years ago um is actually

you don't really know um who is rich who

is poor that you know was a boy in my

house who who was uh on a you know a a a

scholarship you know that he'd been he'd

been put in I mean he wouldn't his

parents wouldn't have been able to

afford it he didn't come from that

background but you didn't know

at all. And the nice thing I think for

Prince George will be that actually they

will accept him as a as a fellow human

being. They won't um particularly suck

up to him. They won't particularly bully

him for what he for being that. Whereas

when Prince Charles went to Gordon, all

those things happened. You know, he said

that the nice people didn't want to be

seen sucking up, so they held back and

other people bullied him. And you know,

there's one particular author I very

much dislike who's actually gone on

record of saying when he used to play

Prince Andrew in Gordon. He used to take

great pleasure in kicking him, he

subsequently wrote a book about him in

which he did exactly the same.

>> Oh my gosh.

>> That sort of thing could happen, you

know. Not nice.

>> No. No. Absolutely. And what do you

think George will find most challenging?

it. I mean, I'm Some people have said

I'm too soft here, but I I was wondering

if it's perhaps being away from mom and

dad. This I know that they're just down

the street, but wow, what an incredibly

close, sweet little family he's come

from.

>> Well, of course, um, you know, we my my

age, we were all sent away to board at

8, you know, in a prep school, which I

think, you know, I do remember thinking,

I don't really like the idea of that.

you know, I'm very happy at home. I want

to stay at home. Um

>> he will he will be much freer, of

course. Um now, and I mean, he will be

able to go home and and he you know,

Prince William um I know used to love

going to Royal Lodge to have tea with

the Queen Mother and take his friends

along and things and that's sort of

that's always a possibility. So, you

know, he can he his parents are couldn't

be much closer to be honest. Um in my

day if you want to make a telephone call

there were only about four telephone

boxes and you had to queue up and um on

a Sunday morning and then you know if

somebody was talking away and that you

had to get to chapel you know I think

probably for Prince George the most

difficult thing will be to get into the

system you know to realize you what

you've got to be on time you've got to

be dressed ready you've got to get to

from A to B got to find your way around

um but I I think you know there'll be

lots of people to help him and I'm sure

you know he will enjoy it and he'll

enjoy it more as he grows older and

probably it's a bit like anything if you

start when you start a new job you know

the first day you think well actually

that wasn't too bad I quite enjoyed that

and about a month later or so you think

actually that was awful it's [laughter]

much better now do you know what I mean

>> absolutely and we'll look at some

pictures of him today too on his first

day because I was surprised at how

joyful he looked how comfortable he

looked he's such a sweet little boy

you've talked about little boy he's 13

but you've talked about eaten

encouraging individuality and allowing

you to discover your own interests for a

boy whose future has essentially been

mapped out since birth. Could Eaton

actually be one of the few places where

Prince George gets the opportunity to

discover who he is independently of

being a future king?

>> Yes, I think so. But I think also he you

know because I don't to what extent

these days the the boys I suppose the

senior boys still have a certain amount

of authority. I mean basically they help

the housemaster run the house. So it

does it does it is a sort of hierarchy I

suppose and I think in that sense he'll

learn a lot of responsibility. He'll

also be um to begin with um you know

he's got a they have tea they call it

messing then you get get in with a

friend and or two or three friends and

you all have tea together you cook for

yourself you know you learn how to do

all those things. Um yeah, I mean it's I

think he will he will come out as a very

responsible person. I remember actually

because I used to escape to Windsor

Castle the whole time and um because I

and I just loved St. George's Chapel.

That's how I got through school by

escaping the whole time. But I remember

once talking to a policeman at Windsor

Castle and he said, "Funny thing about

you Eden boys." He said you you you know

the first year where they come up here

and we talk to them and you're just

little boys and it's almost as though

somebody's touched you with a magic wand

at a certain point and you suddenly

become a you know an eaten boy you know.

>> Yeah that is so sweet.

>> Um

>> and by the way there are in a in a sense

I think eaten produces the the best and

the worst. I mean I you know some of the

people um you know that I was at school

with went on to you know do very

distinguished things um very successful

always one always you know wondered why

if if there was a school reunion you

know why Boyd wasn't present you know

because Boyd had last perhaps been seen

being arrested at Tangier airport or

something that he would have been it

would have been good to see him there

you know and find out what he was up to

these days you know there's always a few

boys like that you know those wild ones

who fight against the system you know

>> I love it I I love it. If you could sit

down privately with Prince George before

the chaos begins, although some would

argue the chaos started today, um, what

piece of advice would you give him? What

would you tell him about surviving and

enjoying his first year?

>> Well, I think with anything like that,

the thing is to be quiet and look around

and watch and see what other people are

up to. And I mean, that's that's how I

that's how I would have would do it. I

mean, I would um, as I say, I use that

expression, grandmother's footsteps. You

know, I move cautiously and when people

aren't looking, I step forward at

things. I'm not a great one for rushing

headlong in. Um, so I think in a way,

you know, it's it's always good to to to

uh work out, you know, the the different

characters, the different people you're

dealing with. Um, some will be fun, some

will be a bit severe, some will be

annoying. um you know just get sort of

work work them all out and then work out

how to navigate your way through them. I

think that's what I would suggest.

>> That's very good advice. I'm very

similar to you. I would rather move at a

snail's pace and know what's going on as

I'm entering versus a bull in a china

shop. I'm much more comfortable.

>> Yes.

>> That in that scenario. Uh I'm going to

show you a few pictures and I'd love

your response to them. So, the Princess

of Wales walking in with Prince George,

uh, she looks absolutely stunning. She's

seen some sun this summer, but she, you

know, the Princess of Wales um looking

confident too on Prince George's first

day. Would you agree?

>> Yes. What they have to do with the royal

family um is to give these photographs,

you know, show these pictures on the

first day. The deal is you can

photograph him and film him on the

arriving and then after that you leave

him alone. And I think no English

newspaper will dare take any pictures of

him walking along the high street. I

mean they they could I mean one of the

arguments that I think Prince Philip

used for sending Prince Charles to

Gordon was that actually people didn't

know where Gordonston was. They thought

it was you know cross fields of Heather

somewhere in Scotland and you'd probably

have to hike you know for six miles to

find the place. I don't think that's

true but that's what that's what he

thought anyway. But whereas of course in

and again in my day we we were not we

were not told we were not allowed to

pose for photographs. You know

pictorials always wanted to take

pictures. So the thing I used to always

like I'm sorry not allowed to be

photographed. Click so just let them get

what they want. It must be in albums all

over the world you know.

>> Yeah. Exactly. That's so sweet that

>> but but um in in in that respect what

was interesting was that they didn't

show uh which house Prince George was in

because when Prince William was at uh

school they did show he's there he's in

in in schoolyard you know which is right

the the most historic buildings so

that's all been set up for that reason

but so Prince William was in Mana House

which which I was in and I remember once

I think um Prince Harry was there too

and I for when one of them went to the

school I was hauled down by N and asked

to sort of um comment about it. And I

remember thinking this is really nice.

You know, once this is over, I don't

have to a clattering trunk going up the

stairs and be there for several weeks on

it. I can get into my car and go home

and have lunch. [laughter]

>> Yeah. I don't have to I'm not stuck with

the chaos. You mentioned Prince William.

Let's take a look at Prince William's

photos for Eaton versus Prince George's

because I think that they're so sweet.

Here is the Prince George photo we got

today, which reminds me an awful lot of

this one

>> that makes my heart just burst. Tell me

about Prince George's tie and how what

what your First of all, he looks so

comfortable and confident and sweet in

that photo, but you said something about

the tie that stood out to you.

>> Yes. Yes. Because when you start, you

know, you have this stiff collar and

then you have this white tie, which

you're meant to tie like a bow and stick

the white bits underneath the collar.

But what most boys do, and which he's

done in his picture, is to flip it over

and stick it down the back of the

collar, which I think would be a bit

uncomfortable personally. Yeah. Um it's

it's the only the only Etonian um of my

generation, I think, who actually

bothered to tie his tie every day was me

only because I personally preferred it

like that. And honestly, probably to

this day is you.

>> Maybe. Maybe. Um, you noticed the

picture you showed of Prince William. He

was wearing a colored waist coat and he

was wearing what was called stickups,

white tie, you know, a wing collar.

That's because he was in pop, which is a

the Eden Society, which is a

self-electing society. And they're

allowed to wear gray flannel trousers

and amazing multicolored waste coats and

things, but they in my day were people

to be very cautious of because they had

sinister powers. you know, they could

get you into a lot of trouble.

>> Well, Sinister is not how I would

describe Prince William, but certainly

how I would describe his his uh his

brother. Can I can we pivot there?

Because Harry and Megan's return to

Britain has generated an enormous amount

of attention at precisely the moment

Prince George is beginning this major

transition. Do you think it's unfair

that a 13-year-old's first term could be

entangled in yet another round of

stories about his uncle and aunt?

Because I certainly do.

>> Well, I mean, it's inevitable, isn't it?

I mean, every time those two do

something or more as if they do nothing,

they always seem to, you know, get the

headlines. I mean, the reason, as you

know, at the moment that they're in the

headlines is because of that letter.

>> Yeah. Well, we we'll get into that in in

in a second because there's been a bit

of a buildup. And Prince William um he

knows better than almost anybody what

it's like to be a school boy while adult

royal dramas dominate the newspapers.

You know, throw back to his mother and

his father's chaos. Diana, you've told

me the story several times. Diana being

instructed by, you know, Prince people

around Prince William to go tell him,

warn him about Panorama before it comes

out.

>> Housem Yes. His housemaster said, you

know, had the social confidence to say

to her, you will come down and tell him

what you're going to do. Exactly. You

know, would just be reading about it in

the paper.

>> Um that Yes. Uh the thing is that of

course um when um George, Charlotte and

Louie were their other school, there was

um you know there were again we we saw

them arriving the first day and then

they were left in peace and I do know

that anytime they went to play a match

at another school, the headmaster would

send around a note saying to parents,

you know, we understand no photographs,

no posting and things. And of course,

they're all very well behaved. Now, of

course, the more worrying thing about

the Harry and Megan and their children

is I would I'm told that the British

press won't dare publish any pictures of

those children at all, but somebody

will. Some there'll be surely quite a

high price on actually seeing the faces

of those two children, which we've never

been allowed to see.

>> Exactly. I don't know if people are

going to be as respectful of Harry and

Megan because Harry and Megan don't seem

to be very respectful respectful. Given

what Prince William experienced during

his own eating years though, having to

navigate that, do you think he will be

especially protective of Prince George

from having Harry and Megan, you know,

their difficulties with the family

intrude upon this period or is it never

complain, never explain? We don't even

acknowledge the Sussexes in the Wales

household anymore.

>> Well, I don't sort of see the cousins

all getting together. Do you? I mean, I

absolutely not. even though they're in

this country, which of course is very

sad for the Sussex children because one

day they'll realize, you know, that

they're I mean they they're old enough

to see pictures of Prince George going

to school. He's the first cousin and

they probably probably as far as far as

we know never met him. They might have

done, but you know, as far as we know,

they haven't.

>> No, exactly. So that's always difficult

in a family, I think. Um but of course

the distinction is what happens publicly

and what happens privately. you know, if

the if the king wants to get them all

together, you know, he he might decide

to get all the children together one day

privately. You never know.

>> We'll have to wait and see. We were I

don't know how much credibility I gave

this rumor or report, but we were told

that Harry and Megan had assured the

king they wouldn't compete with Prince

George's eaten debut. Um, their

representatives never confirmed that,

but yesterday we saw Harry willingly

photographed in London. Megan was active

on Instagram. Uh, today they responded

to the king's letter. Um, do you suspect

that supposed agreement was never real

or that the Sussex's already disregarded

it? I'm in the camp that I saw credible

sources repeating a story that wasn't

true multiple times.

>> Yeah. Well, I've always um taken the

line that it's the media who um like to

juxtapose the two together, you know,

that if Prince William is doing one

thing and Prince Harry's doing another

thing, they they like to say, "Oh, look,

Prince Harry's trying to upstage him."

Maybe he is, but I wonder it must be

jolly difficult for both sides to to to

do anything without people saying that,

you know, because you can always make

that story. Um you know, it's a bit like

when Prince Harry wore that um Nazi

armband when he went to a party. Guess

when they printed it, they printed it on

Holocaust Day because you can see you

can see the editors thinking, "Hey boys,

that's a really good uh that's a really

maximum, you know, effect." And that's

the sort of thing that happens in the

media. So, I'm I suppose a little bit

more generous than than you are in

feeling that it's just sometimes

coincidental, but it may not be because

it's bound to be more difficult having

them over here. And um but I think the

reason that they've come over here is

primarily to send their children to good

schools where they feel they'll get um

the right sort of education that they

want them to have. I mean I I could be

being naive again. I don't know.

>> I just think Harry's a So I don't

understand why he would prioritize

education when he can't count to 11

unless he's naked. [laughter]

>> Well, that's a that's a strap line,

isn't it? Well, if if the Sussexes are

serious about reconciliation with the

royal family, wouldn't one of the

simplest gestures be to give Prince

George and his parents some breathing

room during this first term?

>> Well, yes. I mean, they, you know, if

they want reconciliation, they aren't

going about they've never gone about it

the right way because the if you want to

be reconciled, you don't um go on the

Oprah Winfrey show and accuse them of

all sorts of things and come out with a

lot of untruths. You don't write a a

book insulting your family publicly and

saying you hate your stepmother and that

she's a witch and all that sort of

stuff. You just don't do it. And then

you you can't really expect people to be

very warm to you after that, can you?

>> Yeah.

>> But of course, the whole thing is and

you'd know more about this than I do,

but I mean clearly the the whole Montito

thing has not been a success, you know.

Um, and so they've that they always, you

know, I've said this a million times,

they always have to do something new.

And this is the newest thing. This has

had a big had a big surprise factor in

it because nobody, we were told they

were never going to come near this

place, that she was never going to come

to England again.

>> It's dangerous. It's racist. But we're

back.

>> Yeah.

>> Well, what's so I thought was so

interesting is um, you know, Andrew

Morton has lived in Pasadena. He splits

his time between the UK and Pasadena.

Uh, and I agree with him that Monaceto

has some of the best schools in the

country. So why is Monaceto not good

enough for Harry and Megan? It it all it

just feels like I I personally feel like

they were trying to um pursue the optics

fake it till you make it of half in half

out to attract new commercial

opportunities. and King Charles really

put the hammer down yesterday when he

released that letter. And Hugo, now

we're getting this feedback from the

Sussex's. Um Harry and Megan complaining

today that they were not given enough

time to respond to the monarch's letter

clarifying that they are private

citizens, not working members of the

royal family. They gave this statement

to the media. Team Sussex claiming that

they were denied the opportunity to

clarify several points before the letter

was released publicly. Palis sources

pushing back telling the Daily Mail that

claim was incorrect in stressing that

Harry and Megan received the letter in

advance. Although although they were not

consulted on its contents, um they

shared the timeline even Hugo, which is

like I feel like a very unpal thing to

do, letting us know that the Sussex's

received the letter at 1:59 p.m. on

Monday. And then the letter was later

released to media at 3:06, giving the

Sussex's 67 minutes notice. Now, uh,

Harry and Megan say that it they say

that they responded to the letter at

2:19 p.m. because we're petty, so we're

gonna we're we're we're going to bite

back, asking whether the guidance had

already been distributed and hoping

Harry and Megan could properly be

briefed before the media while also

requesting the opportunity to clarify

one or two points. Um, this back and

forth is going to get exhausting not

only for the palace but for the public.

Hugo. Uh, also do the Sussex's have do

they have are they entitled to expect to

be able to clarify? And why would they

have why would they be expected to

contribute to a letter like that? That's

King Charles laying the ground rules.

That's King Charles setting the tone.

Why do they think that they have any

power in this situation?

>> Well, that's exactly what I was going to

say. I mean, what what is it to be

clarified? The point is the point has

been made. There's nothing in it which

is new that we didn't already know. It's

just a re uh a solitary reminder of of

the agreement that was made and that has

to be um now enforced, I suppose. And I

suspect what's happened is that Lord

lieutenants and certain other people

have got in touch with the palace and

said maybe you know bit worried that

Prince Harry might get in touch with us

and what how how do we respond? I mean

do we what what do we do and um so

that's why the letter was written.

There's nothing to clarify about it or

you can argue against it if you want to

but that's the agreement has been made.

I mean, interestingly, um, going back

into history a bit, um, there was a sort

of edict went out when the Duke of

Windsor was going to Vienna and the

ambassador sort of asked you for advice

from the foreign office as to how to

handle him. And he was told, "Yes, you

can meet him at the station. Um, you can

uh, entertain him if you wish. If you

want to introduce him to people that you

think he'd like to meet, that's fine. If

he dies, this is what you do." And that

all that all that sort of stuff. And

then there was this kind of significant

line in it. It it goes without saying

that if the Duchess of Windsor

accompanies the Duke, the same courtesy

should be extended to her. Now, how do

you read that? If she comes on her own,

nothing.

>> Oh, that's so interesting. That's so

funny that you that that um stood out to

you.

>> The Sussexes are are saying that their

concern is the timing of this

announcement. And I think you're

absolutely right. I think that some

people were getting in touch with the

palace saying, "Well, what do we do if

Prince Harry says he wants to show?" I

mean, we've already heard Prince Harry

is planning another trip to Ukraine. Who

is he representing when he goes to

Ukraine and and says things that end up

in the papers about Putin and Trump and

these world leaders that King Charles is

going out of his way to have, you know,

comfortable enough relationships with to

help them navigate difficult situations.

But the Sussex's are claiming that this

could be surrounding Ravik taking

another look at their status and whether

or not they are going to get automatic

armed police protection around the

clock, which Harry is briefing the Daily

Mail that he's confident he's going to

get again now that he lives in the

United Kingdom. For how long, we don't

know because, you know, they can't

commit to anything except each other,

allegedly. Um, so does that strike you

as arrogant too that they would

immediately throw the security thing out

there to, you know, saying that the king

is jeopardizing their potential security

yet again?

Well, I personally think that um we

don't we don't know how the security

forces work, but I'm fairly confident

that they keep an eye on Prince Harry

and that they if there was in any real

danger um he would be protected, but he

can't have sort of blanket protection as

a private individual who's basically

making himself a lot of money by doing

various things and contributing nothing

towards the United Kingdom and

Commonwealth. um you know as as the rest

of the royal family do, why should the

taxpayer have to pay for him to to do to

have any any kind of security but but

I'm sure that if if there was a sort of

you know we we don't know how the

security forces work because of course

we don't because they're they've got

little leads into all sorts of things

but if they realized if there was some

real danger he would he would be

protected and of course on occasions

like when he's complained about coming

over for the platinum jubilee or the

queen's funeral of course he was in the

security net that was securing all the

other people. A lot of extremely

important people attended the queen's

funeral, you know, emperor of Japan and

President of the United States. They

were all protected and he was in the

middle of all that, you know, so he

wasn't needing individual protection at

that point.

>> You can't have it both ways.

>> Yeah, exactly. You can't have it both

[clears throat] ways. You mentioned this

earlier, so I I'm gonna I will credit

you for it. It is interesting to me that

the Daily Mail brings up that this back

and forth, this latest clash as they

call it, is happening on the fourth

anniversary of King Charles as extension

to the throne and the death of Queen

Elizabeth II. So, you're saying in the

real world, the royal family or Prince

Harry and Megan aren't looking at those

dates on the calendar. th those kind of

moments are more mediadriven where we're

thinking to ourselves that's why are you

doing this on the anniversary?

>> Yeah, I think so. But just what but you

know I I don't I don't trust the media.

They've got to make a story and they've

got to sort of you know beef it up and

they like anniversaries and things. They

like to say you know how shocking it

should come out on this particular day

of all days when your family will be

obviously mourning privately or

something like that and you know but

you'll always be able to find some

reason some date or something where

which is significant. I I I hate to be

disappointing but I just don't take that

seriously.

>> You know it is of course on the other

hand we here we are talking on the 8th

of December roughly the time where we're

recording this is roughly the time when

the queen died peacefully at Bal Marl

after an amazing reign after an

extraordinary life and a light went out

which will never be lit again. There's

no question about it on that day. And so

naturally that's another reason for

feeling sad. It is. It is one. Well,

I'll have you come back soon and we'll

dissect why why the the Sussex's are

possibly um back in in a post Queen

Elizabeth reign because I have had some

Oh, Katie Nickel said to me, and I it

was Katie Nickel. She said to me she

felt like Queen Elizabeth would have

been tougher on Harry and Megan than

we've seen King Charles be. And perhaps

that's why they've come back when they

did. You've spent years not only with

Queen Elizabeth, worshiping with Queen

Elizabeth in St. George's Chapel,

studying her for this beautiful book? I

mean, this book that's the size of a

house on Queen Elizabeth? Um, do you

think that that's true? That she would

have been firmer with the Sussex's

perhaps we've seen King Charles be

during his reign? Well, I think the

thing is I remember her being firmer,

but I think with him, of course, you got

to remember that this is his son. This

is got two sons. This is his younger son

who not have an easy early life. And you

know, there were lots of problems for

him, you know, with losing his mother

when he's early on. And of course, even

in spare, I think that he Prince Harry

quoted his father saying, "Don't make my

last years miserable." And I think

that's really you can understand that.

Um I think on a personal level um you

know he would want and I've always think

it's very important for both of them

that there should be a private form of

reconciliation not a public one because

anything that Prince Harry does is in

contradiction and um to anything that

the royal family are doing. It's it's

it's counterproductive because it just

hogs the headlines and and you know he's

working for himself and not for the rest

of us. But um you know Prince Harry

carries around a an awful lot of

emotional baggage. We know that because

of the death of his mother and the

traumas that he went through after after

that. And I suspect that I don't suppose

that his marriage has made his life any

less traumatic frankly. And um and also

his you know his dramatic departure from

royal life and his attempts to make a

new life and that seems to have gone

wrong. All these things are terrible. So

if his father his father died without

them being on at any rate at least sort

of um civil terms I mean he's going to

feel dreadful you know so the more he

can do the more both sides can do to

bring something round privately but I

wish it would be private you know let's

let them do that privately not we don't

want to see it all over the media we

don't want it's not going to be a

publicity stunt just just let's hope

that that can happen now as for the

queen you know I think she got fed up

with Prince Harry because I mean she she

was threat grown into um having to

become when she was about 10, she

realized it was very likely she would

become queen. She accepted her destiny

and she put her duty first and she did

that for you know when that speech was

made in 1947 basically for 75 years and

no you will never see that again. So she

I know she said to a friend and I think

we've discussed this before and it's

certainly in my book. She said to a

friend you know he used to be you know

captain general of the Royal Marines had

the whole Commonwealth to explore. What

is he now? is just a child minder for

Archie.

>> I don't think and and how

>> to see the reports coming out of the

United Kingdom that Megan is going to be

the bread winner and Harry is going to

be a stay-at-home dad.

>> I mean, I thought of that part. I

thought of that portion in your book

when I read those headlines. You know,

sources close to Prince Harry saying

that he just wants to be there on

Saturdays to watch Archie play rugby

>> and that Megan's going to fly. Megan's

going to spend a significant amount of

time in the States, you know,

trying to generate business or do

whatever it is she's doing. The Queen

would be so disappointed at that when he

has so much he had so much potential.

>> He did. And of course, the difference is

that that he was working, as I've keep

saying, for the United Kingdom and the

Commonwealth. And I mean, I remember

seeing him in in the Caribbean when he

was going around. He was incredibly

popular because, you know, he played

cricket with the children. And he also

looked happy because he was putting

something into life. And if you put

things into life, you tend on the whole

to be happier than if you're taking

things out of life.

>> May sound strange, but that's usually

the case.

>> Yeah. And when you when you focus on the

future and how you can change your world

instead of fixating on the past and why

it weighs you down.

>> Yes.

>> That's also He needs to open up some

motivational books. He needs to Maybe he

needs to go to church.

>> Well, yes, probably be a good start.

Yes. Well, Hugo, um, thank you so much

for spending time with me today. Will

you show me your tie one more time

before we say goodbye?

>> Yeah. Well, it was given to me by, and

you know what a military knight of

Windsor is. It was given to me by a

military knight of Windsor who is 93. He

was born in 1876. And he gave me the tie

just before I was leaving the school in

1969.

And um, I don't wear it very often, but

from time to time it seems appropriate

to put it on.

>> It was appropriate today. What a

beautiful story. Thank you so much for

sharing that with us. And you'll come

back soon and we'll dissect what's going

on because Harry and Megan in classic

form have flipped everything upside down

and what's up is down and what's down is

up and we're going to have an

interesting time navigating this

however temporary it is because Harry

and Megan can't seem to commit to

anything whether it's a Netflix contract

or Spotify or working as British royals

who knows what they're up to.

Who knows?

>> And please go buy my friend Hugo

Vicker's book. You can type it into

Amazon. Get it at a used book place if

that's where you prefer. Oh, I've been

thinking of you. I'm going to ask you

this on camera.

Cuz uh I have your Vivian Lee book next

to my bed. Why do I love Gone with the

Wind? And why can I watch Gone with the

Wind over and over even though they

don't end up together at the end? I was

I've been meaning to ask you this. Is it

because she's so enchanting? Is it

because

there is so much chemistry? How do I not

get the ending I want, but I can still

watch that movie over and over again?

>> Well, there are two reasons for that.

One is because, of course, she's

portraying a spirited young woman who in

various different ways makes her way in

the world. And that's very um

interesting and important. What was

interesting about Vivian Lee, she

actually sustains that film all the way

through. She's there if you actually

analyze it right the way through. Clark

Gable disappears for sort of 45 minutes

every now and again and and and so on.

And now what actually happened was that

Olivier was film Lawrence Olivier was

filming in Hollywood and Vivian came

over and you know rather dramatically

got the job you know the flame um girl

with the f of Atlanta behind her and you

know meet meet Scarlett Johara. The real

reason she got the job was she was very

cheap and they you know a lot cheaper

than a lot of other actresses. she isn't

going to cost the studio so much and she

was of course very good.

>> Now she was real reason she wanted to be

out there was to be with Lawrence

Olivier. He was such a brute. I mean he

wasn't going to hang around. So

basically if you want to make a good

film, separate the lovers. So basically

he went off to New York to do something

else and she was just dying to get back

to him and she threw all her energy into

the film instead of into Lawrence

Olivier. That's why it's so good.

>> It's so good. She's so she's so precious

in it. And a beautiful book by you about

Vivian Lee. So, please read my friend

Hugo Vicker's books. They're wonderful.

Um, thanks so much for watching. We will

see you again next time. Bye everyone.


