[screaming]

Yikes. A raging King Charles now refuses

to take Harry's call following his

disastrous UK return. Now, welcome to

the Mark Dolan Show, an emergency

episode. It's supposed to be my day off.

I'm actually here for groceries at a

beautiful English supermarket called

Tesco, which is for successful people,

people who are winners in life. And if

you want some detail, I need sparkling

water. I need avocados and parmesan

cheese. But what I've had to do is

interrupt my day off to deal with the

Duke of Sussex, whose UK return and

efforts to re-enter the royal fold, have

gone completely up in smoke. Well, it

gets worse because according to a

shocking new report by the Daily Express

newspaper, who are good friends of mine,

I write for that paper. I can stand up

their journalism. and the Express are

reporting that King Charles is

literally, folks, refusing to take

Prince Harry's calls following a hideous

and public war of words between the two

men over Harry's royal status. Don't

forget, Charles signs off this letter,

confirming that Harry is just an

ordinary citizen, which is his worst

nightmare, and it's Megan's worst

nightmare because they are off thecharts

narcissists. Their self opinion is

stratospheric because they're deluded

and crazy and the bottom line is they

don't like the truth because it pricks

the bubble in which they inhabit. So

Harry's war returns been a complete

disaster. Now this is massive about the

phone calls and the king not taking

Harry's call because in a moment I'll

tell you that it's my understanding that

the king and Harry have been speaking on

a weekly basis. Not anymore. But let me

give you the context. So Harry arrives

in the UK. He's very lucky that he's

been allowed back into this country

because he's been so abusive towards the

royal family, towards the British

people, the institutions of this

country. He's been obnoxious. So, he's

very lucky that he gets to come back and

change his mind and admit that the US

project was a complete disaster. So if

Harry had half a brain cell, which of

course he doesn't, he would come back to

England very quietly, very respectful,

thanking everyone, apologizing the whole

time, maybe get a tattoo on his

forehead, which just says, "I'm sorry."

Yeah, honestly, that's what he needs to

do. But he's done the opposite. So, King

Charles is, according to my royal

sources, sick and tired of hearing from

military generals and other leading

figures in Britain's public institutions

who are calling the palace and saying,

"Guys, can you clarify what Megan and

Harry are now? What is their status? Are

we supposed to bow? Are we supposed to

kneel before them? Are we supposed to

walk backwards out of the room? Is Megan

HR? Is Harry still Duke of Sussex? And

does he get those military honors back?"

So, King Charles, it's my understanding,

absolutely sick and tired of all this

speculation. And why do we have this

speculation, folks? Because Harry and

Megan have allowed that speculation to

fester and bubble away. What they were

planning to do, this is Harry's secret

plan. Luckily, he's not very bright, so

it hasn't worked. But Harry's secret

plan is to get back into the royal

family, be a frontline serving royal,

tearing up the deal he struck with the

late Queen Elizabeth because she said

you can't be half in half out. Well, he

is trying to make that happen. He's

trying to engineer it by allowing the

impression that he's basically royal and

that deal struck with the queen. The

Sandingham summit was not binding. It's

a reversal, a betrayal, a U-turn if you

like. So his hope is that he could do

things like trips to the Ukraine, giving

an interview to ITV news, saying, "I'm

very much a member of the royal family.

I'm going to do these fake royal tours."

That's what Australia was about.

Australia was a test run for the Sussex

betrayal. It was a test run for the

Sussex U-turn. It was a test run for the

Sussexes to be royal again. Why? Because

they're detested in America. Megan's not

selling the jam. the book deals, the TV

networks, it's all gone up in smoke. So

they come back to England in a state of

desperation. But Harry thought that by

stealth he could get back into the royal

family. Now, it's my personal view that

the plan was that Harry would be the

first figure within that relationship to

become royal and he would be alongside

perhaps in his crazy head in his head

influenced by many years of

mind-altering substances that in his

crazy head he thinks that King Charles

is with him at Invictus next year that

essentially he comes back in and he's on

an equal level with Prince William. Can

you imagine such a thing? Those two men

could not be more different. Hello

ladies. Nice to see you. How are you?

>> I was dared.

>> Welcome to the Mark Dolan Show. Listen,

let me adjust the camera because I'm

honored to have you on the show. Now,

you are, may I just say, broadcasting to

many hundreds of thousands of people?

So, are you comfortable with being fake?

This My name is Mark Dolan and you're on

the Mark Dolan Show. Now, Vivian, do I

have your permission to put you on TV

and make you a global celebrity?

>> Oh gosh, yes. Come back here, John.

>> I think Vivian, you're built for it. I

think you've been wasted all these years

in obscurity.

>> Well, my my I've got a very famous son,

Steven Adams. He's a musician.

>> Know the name. What's the style of

music, Steve Adams?

>> Um, all sorts really. It's sort of punk.

uh more but my other son is doing a show

for years and years from Milton Kees

CRMK punk music him and John they've

done it for years all over the world

even to our um the prison in America

>> yeah my

family are musicians

>> that wonderful well I mean I'm so

honored to meet you

>> I'm going to and I would like my viewers

to look out he used to write for the

Telegraph off and whatever and he's made

songs up and Steve's Steve's quite

famous.

>> Well, he must be very

>> London boy.

>> A London boy. Although the best boys

are.

>> So,

>> is that right? Well, that's very good.

Well, I wish him continued success.

Obviously, it helps that he's got such a

supportive mother.

>> Yeah.

>> Now, Vivian, before I let you Are you

going to Tesco?

>> Yes.

>> Because I'm going to Tesco in a minute.

I need sparkling water. I need avocado.

I need parmesan cheese. What do you

need? What are you in for?

>> Um, I'm just or ordinary. Yeah, I'm I'm

going to be surrounded and then we're

going to go for a puppy. Well, my

helper.

>> Oh, that's so nice of you. You got a

lovely helper there.

>> She is lovely. She's the best.

>> Well, if he if she decides to retire,

please may I take over as your helper,

>> cuz I plan on anything more fun. Now,

Vivian, before I let you go to get your

basics, uh, including, I hope, several

bottles of procco. Um, can I ask you a

simple question? Prince Harry's return,

should he be allowed to become a serving

member of the royal family again?

>> And you can be honest. You don't have to

be diplomatic, Vivian. I the truth.

>> I think with reservations,

yes.

>> What makes you say that?

>> Because he cannot deny his inheritance.

They cannot deny his inheritance.

and for the sake of decency, respect,

um, and safety, he's got to have that.

>> And Vivian, what do you make of Harry

and Megan's behavior over the last few

years, the book spare, and all the

things they've said about the royal

family? Did that bother you as a family

woman yourself? Um

I think that they haven't had

um a decent

recognition of decent people talking to

them and about how their behavior should

be.

>> Ah who thinks someone should have sat

them down and said you've crossed the

line here.

>> Yes. I I think that we have to go to

school. We have to be disciplined. We

have to go to college. We have to be

disciplined. University.

He has to be disciplined in the ways of

being a royal. And if he cannot accept

that, then okay, fine. He's not a royal.

>> And so if you'd had time with Prince

Harry, you're a mother yourself, you've

raised successful children, if you'd

been around Harry at that time when he

wrote the books Bear, which the queen

was so worried about and and a lot of

the other unkind things that they said

about the royal family, what would you

what would you what would your words of

wisdom have been? say to him, "You must

accept what what the fallout may well be

and my distance from you will be a

little further than it should have

been."

>> Well, so you would have essentially

said, "Look, and your actions have

consequences and you're going on the

Norsey step is really what you're

saying." No, I think you're right. And

um last but not least, what about King

Charles? What what what do you where

does he go from here, do you think? I

think well he's getting aged very much

now and he's not a a well man as we know

and I think he's trying to be a monarch

and a monarch has to do certain things

which are rigid and disciplined whether

he likes it or not.

>> And a last word William and Katherine

what do you make of the Princeton's

Princess of Wales? They're trying

awfully hard to be decent,

um, respectable people, and they're

happy together, and they're happy with

their children, which is obvious.

>> Do you think maybe William and Katherine

are a model for Harry and Megan to to

follow and to look up to almost?

>> No. No. Um, I I think that is probably

the wrong thing to say. What they can do

is say look we've got to accept certain

rules and we have to abide by that. They

they mustn't be a model of anybody but

themselves but they can be decent

funloving

lawabiding

citizens but we still have that

connection with royalty. No matter how

they they play it out, he is still a

royal and he is the Queen Elizabeth

second grandson

>> and may maybe what he needs to do is go

back to understanding the importance of

>> discretion, respect. Would you say

>> need psychoanalyst?

>> Well, he he definitely needs a shrink

and and what would you say? No. Would

you say to Harry? No more books, no more

attacking the family or what do you

think? one book in future

completely annihilating all the bad

stuff and creating something lovely and

evocative.

>> So maybe a big apology book.

>> Yes. With with a slight

overkill of the apology. Yeah.

>> Oh, well that's so nice. Well, Vivian,

I'm honored to have had you on the show.

I know that you're going to go down a

storm with my audience. You've just

starred on the Mark Dolan shows. your

lovely helper there can look it up for

you on YouTube.

>> Roland is it is for my sins. I'm a

patty.

>> Yes. And it's from Gway because I'm half

Irish and I'm half New Zealand. Not

sorry. Australian. My father was

Australian. So

>> isn't that wonderful? Well, you're Yes.

Um it's a West and we've got so many

viewers in Australia and in the Republic

of Ireland. So, it was lovely to meet

you and thank you for your contribution

to the show and to your helper. And this

will be on the Mark Dolan Show on

YouTube, which I'm going to put right on

my phone now.

>> And this will air hopefully later today.

Shall I subscribe?

>> Yes.

>> Nice to meet you.

>> Yeah, Mark.

>> Mark Lilith. That was lovely to meet you

and thank you for sharing your wise

thoughts with the show.

>> Thank you.

>> And have a lovely trip to Tesco.

>> I love your channel.

>> Oh, thank you. She's so kind. Oh my

goodness. Well, look, I really enjoyed

that conversation. with. Well, there you

go. I'm definitely going to to She's a

very special lady and a very bright lady

and very considered in her remarks. Let

me know what you think of what Vivian

had to say. So, folks, I've got to just

tell you that Harry's secret plan was to

get back into the law family by stealth

and it hasn't worked. If he come back to

England and been quiet and respectful,

apologize to everyone, get the I'm sorry

tattoo. Oh, I'm sorry. I've had it

tattooed on my face. In fact, I had the

letters written the wrong way round so

you can read it in a rear view mirror.

Yeah, but he hasn't done that. King

Charles, it's my understanding sick and

tired of hearing

military generals and other figures

within the British public sector calling

the palace saying, "Are we supposed to

bow to Harry and Megan? Are they HR? Are

they royalty?" And King Charles like,

"I'm sick of this. You see, one must

clarify. So, I should compose a letter

saying he's an ordinary citizen. Now,

Harry and Megan, first of all, a few

things to say. I'm the only journalist

in the world that identified that

Buckingham Palace called Harry and Megan

liars. Because when the news came out

that this letter's been published

confirming that Harry is just an

ordinary citizen, which he hates,

Harry's an ordinary citizen, not a

member of the royal family, private

individual. When that correspondence

comes out, I report that Buckingham

Palace call the Daily Mail, a newspaper

that Harry detests

and which may bankrupt the Duke because

they're looking for unlimited legal

expenses that could run into tens of

millions of dollars. So already the

gloves are off for Buckingham Palace.

It's revenge. They decided to deliver a

right hook to Harry to humiliate him by

speaking to the Daily Mail. They could

have spoken to the Telegraph. They could

have spoken to the Sun newspaper which

is owned by Rupert Murdoch. I'm Rupert

Murdoch and I like Megan Mle. If she

divorces Harry, I'm going to marry her.

So that's fine. They call the Daily

Mail. And they say that Harry and

Megan's claims that the letter was not

sent in advance. So they had no warning

of the letter. They said that was

incorrect. Now, I'm the only journalist

in the world, and I got straight on air

with this story to interpret that as

Buckingham Palace quite literally

calling Harry and Megan liars. And of

course, everyone else online, they all

jumped on it. They've all grabbed my

line. But that was what we do on the

Mark Dolan Show. We get there first, we

get there fast, and we're right about

almost everything. So, I called it that

the palace have called Harry and Megan

liars.

And Harry doesn't like to be criticized,

but he's not going to sue his own

father, is he? At least not soon. No

time soon. Anyhow, so let's get to the

crux of it. What's happened since then

is that the Sussexes have been called

ordinary people. They have let it be

known that they would rather be known as

public figures. But I got to tell you,

Harry and Megan, you're not even public

figures. I'm a public figure. Here I am

broadcasting at a beautiful Tesco in

Northampton, which let me tell you is

the jewel in the crown of England. It's

one of the most beautiful places, great

people, very vibrant population, lots of

characters around with this flagship

store which doesn't just sell groceries,

but fabulous

apparel as well. Beautiful t-shirts,

fleces. I mean, once I get off air, I'm

going to go crazy in there because it's

my day off. And by the way, are you not

amazed that this is my day off? Okay.

And by the way, apologies, no hair, no

makeup. This is what I look like. Deal

with it. But isn't it amazing that even

on my day off, I'm hitting this elite

level. It's It's a responsibility. I

can't believe it. I'm pinching myself.

But here we are. What I have, which is a

lot, belongs to you. So, let me know in

the comments. But I've got to get to the

heart of the story, folks. Today's video

is an emergency video. We've spoken to

Vivian. We haven't even started yet cuz

I've got the killer bit of the story.

So, King Charles called Harry an

ordinary citizen. He didn't like that.

We had the public war of words. It was a

little bit like the um war of words

between Buckingham Palace and Harry last

time he came to England when Buckingham

Palace said we offered a room at the

palace and Harry said, "Oh, no you

didn't." And again, the palace having to

call out Harry and Megan's alternative

reality. Should I be polite and call it

that? So, according to reports in the

Daily Express, where I've got a whole

bunch of friends, great great

journalism. I love the Mail. I love the

Express. I love The Sun. Uh, Telegraph

is is great. The Times, I like all I

like all of the newspapers. People

magazine, not so much because it's the

proper back propaganda wing of the

ruthless Harry and Megan public

relations machine, which never sleeps,

which of course only recently launched

an extraordinary attack on me. Why?

Because they're watching the show. cuz

I'm elite level. They can't resist. I'm

sure that the show is uncomfortable for

Harry, but he can't not watch, which is

why we are exploding. Anyhow, according

to reports uh in the in the Express,

relations between Harry and Charles have

completely collapsed following the

strongly worded letter and the war of

words. Harry's so stupid. What you

should have done, you should have let

the letter come out and just taken it

like a man. It's like, it's a bit

embarrassing. It's a little setback.

I've been put in my place. I'm on the

naughty step. I'm a regular citizen. I'm

not royal. Just take it on the chin. Be

a man about it. But he can't because

he's not a man. He's a spoiled crybaby

that never grew up and no one ever said

no to him. So, he's very uncomfortable

and if he was smart, he would not have

reacted to the letter and it would have

gone away because the news cycle moves

very quickly every 24 hours. Now,

sometimes half a day a story is old.

Which is why the Mark Dolan Show, we're

not just the best show online, but we're

the quickest. We just when there's a

story like now, I'm getting my

groceries. I need sparkling water. I

need avocados. I need parmesan cheese.

And I need herbs. But, you know, I've

got to get the news out before we do

that.

And so, here is the thing. A royal

source speaking to the Express claims

that Charles and Harry had previously

been speaking on the telephone on a

weekly basis. These conversations had

apparently continued following the

Sussex's move back to the UK with the

king said to have been in direct contact

with his younger son, which is very

surprising. But that situation has now

changed according to a role source.

Harry and Charles are reportedly

communicating now through their

advisors,

not each other, which of course is how

things were before the Clarence House

summit that I predicted in September of

last year. So Harry and Charles, right,

he's back in England. He's had a hideous

PR dumpster fire argument with his

father. And by the way, Harry is having

fights with everyone publicly. Dr. to

Sophie Chandala who now runs the charity

that Harry co-founded. A public row with

Chris Jenner and the Kardashians over

the photo opt out in the birthday

invitation that never was. The public

row with Martha Stewart, one of my

heroes, an American icon, chef,

entrepreneur, cultural figure. She's on

Mount Rushmore for the great women of

American history. And Harry and Megan

decide to pick a fight with her. They

fight with everyone. William Macatherine

of course the most egregious example

and so this public rail with the king is

embarrassing but it ties in with Harry's

pathological personality. He's such an

angry man. He's so bitter and I'm afraid

to say that anger that bitterness makes

him a danger to the institution of the

monarchy. So I think it's brilliant to

hear that Charles is now not taking his

calls. According to these reports, Harry

and Charles are now just communicating

through their respective advisers. So

Harry's back. He's been back in the UK

for 5 minutes and it's it's over. 5

minutes it took him. If he'd been smart

and quiet and apologized and wore the

I'm sorry tattoo on his forehead, there

might have been hope. Forget it. So the

Express report that they're speaking

through

advisers, not directly. So the

relationship is at ground zero. And

according to the report, the last

conversation they had became heated. The

source said the phone calls had been on

a weekly basis and were nothing more

than a typical exchange of pleasantries

about the kids. Yes, Archie and Lily,

are they doing well at school? You see,

is Archie good at mathematics again?

Lily paint, you see. Is that right? So

that's what they would do. They'd have

these polite conversations. Dear my back

is lower back pain at the moment. It's

frightly uncomfortable. Luckily, Camila

massages it very well. It makes me very

comfortable. Very powerful action with

her fingers and her wrists. Camila, let

me tell you, she's she's got the

strength of an ox, you see, on my lower

back, you see. So, that's fine. They're

having these polite chats, you know. And

then Harry's, "Oh, hello, P. I tell you

about my terrible life growing up in

palaces and having butlers ironing my

newspapers and my socks." Yeah. So,

that's fine. The source tells the

express that the phone calls had been on

a weekly basis were nothing more than a

typical exchange of pleasantries about

the kids, the schooling and various

logistics around seeing them. But since

the Sussex's statement attacking

Buckingham Palace and Buckingham Palace

effectively calling Harry and Megan

liars, I was the first journalist in the

world to make that observation, calling

them liars. Charles is not engaging with

Harry directly until, and I quote,

"Cooler heads prevail." Well, good luck

for that because hell will freeze over

before Harry's head cools because he's

an angry man. He's a bitter man. And

don't forget my good friend who's coming

back on the show soon, Angela Levan,

Harry's biographer, has said he has a

hideous temper and that he always has

and that he's always been difficult and

always been a complicated person. Now

these latest tensions follow the

circulation of the king's letters of

senior figures including government

officials, military leaders, Lord left

tenants as well as representatives of

Harry and Megan. And it's so interesting

how

King Charles

by simply reiterating the terms and

conditions of the Mexit agreement struck

by the late Queen Elizabeth have been

enough to send Harry and Megan crazy.

Well, they are crazy.

And let me tell you that their UK return

is a hot mess. It's a dumpster fire.

It's a train wreck and it's only going

to get worse. If I think through my

capacious brain, Harry and Megan haven't

even been here for a month. So, it's

just going to descend and I have my

doubts that the Sussex's will be here in

a year's time. Folks, I want to know

everything you think. Slam them in the

comments. Please like, subscribe,

support the channel. We're growing.

We're massive. And there's only one

reason, and it's you. And so, I got two

words. Thank you. Thank you. And check

out the benefits of membership. The

Dolan Boardroom. Worth every penny with

weekly bonus videos. Folks, I'm going to

go and buy some sparkling water. Can you

remember the list? Remember my shopping

list? Sparkling water, avocados,

parmesan cheese, and herbs. I'll see you

for another big Mark Dan Show soon. BYE

FOR NOW.

>> MY HEAD IS


