Breaking today, she has done it again.

Exposing her own children, doxing her

own children, using her husband's 42nd

birthday, no less, to do it. Even

though, remember his express wishes were

for their faces to be protected.

that as Cotswwell's rumors grow that

Harry and Megan are intending to pack it

all in after their 2day school security

stunt.

And at this point, you have to start

saying that an intervention is required

by both the British royal family and

Harry's friends because I believe this

is now abusive behavior. abusive

behavior against us, the British people,

the royal subjects, and also abusive

behavior against these poor so-called

children who are now just being used as

PR porns in this sick game. As much as

Megan Markle might try to claim on

Instagram, he's simply the best. Happy

birthday, my love.

But as Tom Sykes argues, this birthday

photo dump is using the kids to pull at

the heartstrings. He writes, "I've got

to be honest. I wouldn't be too

surprised if they go back at halfterm

and say, "Oh, none of it worked out.

England was horrible. We couldn't get

security. It wasn't safe. We are moving

back to California. By the way, here's a

film about it." There is something

incredibly fishy about this pulling out

of school after 2 days. It doesn't stand

up to scrutiny. It doesn't make any

sense. There are other explanations

being fired around the Cotswwell's

WhatsApp groups. One of them is that

they want to continue living for free at

a friend's house or renting it because

they don't want to commit and it is too

far to travel that they thought they

were going to be able to buy something a

bit grand near Oxford which is much more

expensive than where they are rumored to

be. The location of which I am not

revealing although come on we all know

it's at Ian W's estate

and unfortunately it was Meghan Markle

who doxed herself. So, it's ludicrous to

try and keep this a secret for any

longer.

Of course, when it comes to what Meghan

Markle has done over the weekend,

and we see the wham video, don't we?

Revealing the exact location of where

this couple are and their faces. Come

on. I mean, it's not just their feet

that we're seeing here. It's also their

faces.

And it was immediately obvious to anyone

in the know in the Cotsworlds that they

are at Wasa's estate. And given the kids

are now being used as a porn in this

security game, even the Harry and Megan

arch propagandist at Wokei TV News,

Chris Ship and Tom Bradby are not

prepared to admit that this is normal

anymore.

New developments tonight in the story we

broke earlier about both Prince Harry

and Megan, the Duchess of Sussex, each

being given a full official security

review. The review will be carried out

by the Home Office Committee, which

looks after security for high-profile

figures like royalty and indeed

politicians, many politicians. But it's

now emerged that the couple have already

taken their children, Archie and Lilet,

out of their school after just two days

to start somewhere else. Chris joins me.

Uh it's been quite a busy evening on

this front. Talk me through where you

think we are on the security.

>> Yeah. Tom, I think what I'm finding or

reminding myself is that when it comes

to Harry and Megan, you can get a lot of

stories in one day. And today, for

example, we have three.

>> No, no, no. We have one big story, a

fraud being conducted on the British

public. And increasingly, especially

when you listen to the completely

bizarre explanation from ship, I think

it looks as if they are almost asking,

they want an attack. They want a false

flag attack to get their way.

They spent Thursday and Friday at the

school that their parents had chosen for

them. Uh today we had it confirmed that

they've already been moved out of that

school and moved to another one. Uh

according to their office, they had

discussions with their security team.

What could that mean? Well, it could

simply just be that the school was too

far away and the security people were

having to spend too long traveling with

Harry and Megan and the children and

thought, well, maybe if only one parent

goes, is the other parent at home and we

know there's no protection for them at

the moment.

>> Okay, so I'm bringing in Britney, editor

of the Royal News Network on a huge day

of breaking royal news. And Britney

argued on this, you literally cannot

make up this level of stupidity. And the

dancers and their security team are

apparently too dim to take the time to

consider that traffic in the summer

versus fall might be different.

Shocking. Apparently, the couple needs a

convoy wherever they go. And their

children, which is totally unnecessary

and indulgent. Overall, Harry and Megan

continue to display their abysmal

parenting skills. And she concludes this

is why Charles needs to just take the

final steps here and strip Harry and

Megan of all titles and privileges

connected to the monarchy. They bring

nothing but absolute chaos. And Britney,

we predicted this. We predicted this

absolute chaos and carnage from the

moment they set foot back in the United

Kingdom. That is what we've received.

But what was very notable to me,

Britney, is that Meghan Markle posted

these new images of Prince Harry

seemingly for his birthday much, much

earlier than she usually would. In the

past, these images have always been time

to go out for the breakfast TV shows in

the United States of America. I think

she realized overnight that all of a

sudden people have been sympathetic for

so long or maybe open to the idea of

them coming back are thinking you're

putting your children through this. You

are transferring your bizarre and

totally unnecessary paranoia into your

children's schooling. Enough. Enough.

And so she thinks, "Okay, I've got to

get something out to change the game."

But it's not going to change the game

because fundamentally these children are

now being treated as if they are some

type of toy,

some type of prop in this pathetic

battle with the government. And do not

tell me, Britney, that it doesn't f a

child up to go into a school, be the

center of attention for only two days,

then be pulled out again. be told,

Britney, that there's some type of car

chase, fake convoy going on during

throughout Oxford. I mean, my heart

actually breaks for them. Now, if you

value the whole truth and nothing but

the truth on these royal stories, make

sure you subscribe to Outspoken right

now. It allows me to work outside of the

MSM and the royal rotor.

>> I mean, it really does, Dan. I feel so

sorry for these poor children. They're

just being yanked here and there by

their parents. And there's actually a

picture I think in this whole collage

for that Megan posted for her birthday

or his birthday that really explains

this because it's them in the field

kissing and their kids are wandering

around behind them totally unsupervised

and it's like that's the reality of

these kids' lives. It's all about the

parents and their relationship and the

children are just an afterthought. And

it's just really, really pathetic

parenting by the two of them to yank

their kids all over creation just to

fulfill or try to get the government to

fund their security because they're too

cheap to do it themselves anymore. It

just doesn't work. And any sympathy that

people had is just entirely dissipating.

And it's like, how did you not consider

actually plan ahead of time? If this was

so important to them, so important to

Harry that Harry and Megan's kids go to

school in the UK, why weren't you

thinking about this earlier in the year

so you could make the appropriate

security run so you could determine if

the school was safe enough for them or

if the house you were going to get would

be close enough to there. This just all

reeks of a lack of planning and a way

for Harry and Megan to have an out when

they need to to run back to California,

which seems to be very much the plan at

this point because this is just a mess.

This is just an absolute disastrous

mess. And the British monarchy does not

need this this sideshow freak show

anymore. They need to just take Harry

and Megan and their kids out of the line

of succession, titles, everything. Just

remove this. It's a distraction, an

unnecessary one. It's dominating the

headlines with just pure chaos. And it's

just time to get rid of the Sussex's

here. Just get them out of the monarchy.

Just let them be themselves in

California. Fail there and just let this

be the end of the this whole charade.

>> 100%. 100%. Because look, this is

dominating the headlines. And to be

honest, Britney, it should because this

is a level of cruelty that actually

needs to be called out. And when you

look at some of Tom Sykes's reporting,

by the way, it does make a mockery of

the argument. And Britney, I am

immediately transported back transported

in a fake car chase to New York City.

And it's like, we're not going to be

sucked in again. And and and some of

this, Britney, might look like we're

going into the weeds a little bit about

Oxford, a city I know very very well,

but it matters actually because as Tom

Sykes put it, the Sussex's are

astonished to discover that a city with

famously terrible traffic has bad

traffic. And he writes, "The school run

in question the royalists can now report

given they don't go there anymore, was

into Oxford. Cuz remember Britney, all

of us had agreed not to name the school

or even the city in which the school was

in. But Sykes has spoken to a mother at

the school who said this was obviously

going to happen if they're driving to

the school every day. And he adds

Oxford, a city whose traffic is so

famously terrible that last October it

became the first British city outside

London to impose a congestion charge £5

a day at six charging points. A city

where according to TomTom's latest

traffic index, drivers lose 83 hours a

year, nearly three and a half days to

rush hour alone. The city has always

been dug up. And as of this very

morning, the£5 charge has been enhanced

with six camera enforced traffic

filters, £70 found for going through

them without a permit. Two of which

operate per Oxford County Council from

7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. to

6 p.m., which is to say school run

hours. Every parent in the county could

have told them. My Cotswwell's friends

could have told them. the county council

announced it and he adds he would say

that this is not an interpretation

specifically on Oxford but simply

ordinary England doing what ordinary

England does on Tuesday in term time.

And Britney, this is why I do not

believe the rubbish that we are being

fed here. Because if you take all of the

actions now, Britney, it is very clear

that it is Harry and Megan who have put

out the most operationally

uh sensitive information into the public

domain. And there's so much of it that

we can list, Britney. Obviously, we've

got the doc scene at Ian Wa's house at

the weekend. A location that up until

that point everyone had sort of

informally agreed not to name just

because Okay, fine. As soon as they've

put it out there, absolutely not. You

don't get to call the shots like that

anymore. You have doxed yourself. You

wanted to dox yourself. But you even

look at the information that Tom Bradby

and Chris Shep have been revealing over

on Wii TV. Remember the other key

propagandists admitting that one of the

parents was going to be at home alone

without the security detail while the

other parent went on the school run.

Britney, this is all information that

should be kept secret if you genuinely

have any fears of security. And that is

why I truly believe there is a great

fraud being conducted on the British

people now and the British government.

This is not about security fears. It is

about using the children in order to

secure this RAVC funding for the

security which Britney I believe will

top well over£10 million a year because

you know Megan is now being assessed in

her own right which means when she fs

off to Monteito where she's going to be

for most of the year we're paying for

it. When she goes on some rich

holiday to the Maldes with her friends

we're paying for it. when she goes to

Nigeria or Colombia or Australia on a

fake royal tour, we are paying for it.

And I'm like, people have to wake up to

this. This is a fraud. They want the

security and then once they've got the

security, they can be wherever in the

world they want to be. And that is why

I'm so determined for people to hang

tough. Do not give in. They're using

their children. That is on them.

Mhm. It is Dan because they are the

greatest threats to Harry and Megan and

their children are really Harry and

Megan and specifically Meghan Markle's

own Instagram. She is constantly posting

about them where they're at, showing

details she doesn't need to show. And

then they give to the media information

that also compromises them about their

security. All in this very inept attempt

to try and get the government to fund

this for them because they are too cheap

to. They're even admitting basically

that their team is probably even smaller

than it was because they can't really

pay for this anymore. And they

desperately want the UK government to

pick up the tab. And this cannot happen.

It would play horribly for the monarchy,

horribly for the government. Nobody

really wants this, especially if Harry

and Megan, as soon as they get it, they

jump ship to the United States. some my

taxpayer dollars might have to

potentially help augment their security

as well. Because part of being an

internationally protected person is that

whatever country you go to, that

country's government is to a certain

extent obligated to offset or augment

the security apparatus that they already

have. This is just going to be a money

pit for the British government for no

benefit. Harry and Megan and their

children at this point are of no benefit

to the monarchy at all. No benefit to

the British people. no benefit to the

British government. They are private

citizens and should be treated as such,

meaning they have to pay for their own

security. But again, they are too cheap

to do it. The money is running out.

They're desperately making this whole

scenario to try and get and the British

government to pay for this. And it's

resulted in absolute chaos. And again,

nobody is going to win here except for

maybe Harry and Megan, but they'll look

worse to the general public as well.

This is just an entirely a lose-lose

scenario and Harry and Megan and

especially their children and I would

actually say their children are the

biggest victims in all of this in many

ways.

>> And Britney, can we also just talk on a

couple of levels about the psychological

impact of this on the children firstly

>> because

>> I just really really fear for them now.

>> They are not growing up in a happy or

healthy household. And it's one of those

ironies, isn't it? The more Harry and

Megan talk about protecting them, the

more they use them.

>> It's so sad, Dan. And these kids have to

be in just such an unstable environment.

They're yanked from their home in

California where their friends are at,

where their their stability is, put into

a country they don't know, into a new

culture, a new school system, and then

yanked out after two days. And their

parents, I'm sure, are constantly

filling their heads with paranoia over

their security. So they're probably

limited in the type of friends that they

can have, who they can meet and interact

with. And so these kids are growing up

wildly isolated in many ways. They're

growing up, I think, in a in a home in a

marriage that's pretty unstable and

wildly toxic because the toxicity we see

with Harry and Megan publicly has to

translate into the home as well. This is

a toxic, unstable home environment

because that's also what they share to

the world in many ways. Everywhere they

go, it's toxic. Everywhere they go, it's

chaos. And so that bleeds into their

home life as well. It cannot. So these

kids are being raised in this

environment. And their stability is just

gone. They don't really have any of it.

They don't have any close family

relations really. And so these poor

children are just being yanked here and

there, used as props for their parents

in their various endeavors. And I I feel

so sorry for these kids. I do not think

they'll grow up. If Harry's thinking

they'll be assets to the British

monarchy and they'll be working royals,

I think he's sadly mistaken here because

I don't even think they're going to be

raised in a stable household. Really?

They're going to be of no benefit for

years. They're going to need therapy for

years. And then Britney, what about the

hypocrisy? I mean, so

>> Megan, today on Harry's birthday, having

had all of the criticism of revealing

the children's faces, decides to just go

one step further. is actually quite a

creepy shot, I think, of Harry and Lily

kissing on the lips where she is quite

identifiable. And I just want to remind

you, Britney, of what Harry said not

that long ago because remember, we don't

forget Britney. We do this for a job,

right? Like, we listen to you, Harry. We

don't forget your words. Watch. But

first, if you've tried to quit vaping or

smoking and keep ending up back where

you started, you need to hear about

fume. And here's the reframe. Okay, this

is important. You are not the problem.

How you're trying to quit is nicotine

pouches, patches, and gum deal with the

chemical side. Cold turkey leaves you

white nut clean on willpower alone. The

real issue is that vaping isn't just

about nicotine. It's a habit. Now, I've

seen this up close. I will admit it

because my fiance has been working to

quit vaping and the hardest part hasn't

been willpower. It's those automatic

moments where the hand reaches for

something without even thinking. That's

why Fume works. It's a flavored air

device that gives your hands, mouth, and

brain something better to reach for when

cravings hit. No nicotine, no vapor, no

batteries. Fume isn't a vape. It's

designed to distract you from craving

when willpower isn't enough. It feels

like a real object though, not a gadget,

so it's fidget satisfying. And the mint

cores give a nice throat hit. Not as

strong as a vape, which is exactly the

point. There are over 10 interchangeable

flavors from classic peppermint, crisp

mint to spearmint ice, maple pepper, and

peach blush. Over a million people have

already used fume to quit differently.

So grab a journey pack and get a free

gift with purchase using my code

outspoken. Addiction is really good at

saying later. Don't let it. Head to

trifume.com.

So that is trfum.com

and use the code outspoken for a free

gift with your first purchase. I'm going

to pop a link in the description below

this video. And thank you to Fume by the

way, such an important product for

sponsoring today's episode. But now back

to the show.

>> Parents can do whatever they want. The

reality is from what I've learned, what

I've seen, what I've heard and

experienced through especially through

the parents network is

>> you should be really really worried,

concerned and cautious

>> about putting photographs of your kids

online,

>> especially now.

>> Yeah.

>> With this surge of unregulated AI, you

just don't know where it's going to go.

You don't know how it's going to be

used.

>> Yeah.

>> Um but that's also really sad. And now

there's parents watching this going,

"Well, how am I supposed to share

photographs of my kids with so and so on

the other side of the world?"

>> So Britney, he didn't take his own

advice

>> or he was browbeaten into not taking his

own advice by his wife. My understanding

of this over many months is that it has

been a fault line in the marriage. But

like with so many things, Megan won. And

I guess Harry's thinking, well, I got

her to relocate to the UK, find she can

share them. But it doesn't match with

his own words, his own push.

>> It doesn't and it doesn't match with

what she has done either with her whole

speech at Geneva about the danger that

of children on the internet basically.

And there is no reason why they have to

post their kids. Honestly, Megan would

be so much better served on her

Instagram to actually keep it about her

various business ventures behind the

scenes of productions and different

things rather than making it so

incredibly personal. Like, she treats it

like a personal Instagram she's sharing

with family and friends. It's like, no,

we we really don't need to see these

images. Some of them are a little

awkward and weird. And again, we can all

tell too through her Instagram that she

wildly prefers Lily over Archie. And so

in in this whole sphere, I mean, even in

the birthday photo dump for Harry,

there's a lot more pictures of him with

Lily than there are with Archie. And so

at this point, there just doesn't seem

to be any awareness between the two of

them that they are utter hypocrites.

They are just hypocritical nearly every

day, all the time, especially when it

comes to social media. And if Harry

really wanted to put his foot down

somewhere, this would be a great step.

It's like let's just have your Instagram

focus on your businesses rather than on

us as a family because this doesn't seem

to be playing very well because again

they are violating their own privacy and

security by posting constantly on social

media where they are at what they are

doing and yes maybe they're a couple

weeks old or whatever some of the

pictures but people can still maybe put

some things together because they are

being looked at so intensely and so they

really just have to take several giant

steps back. But Megan Merkel needs that

validation of Instagram. She loves

Instagram. She loves posting. She loves

his social media. She is at her heart a

D-listister desperate for attention no

matter what type of attention that it

is. This is who Harry married and this

is who he's going to have to deal with

for the rest of his life.

>> Although Britney, I'm really not sure if

she should be liking the treatment that

she's getting at the moment, especially

from the gentleman cast. I mean, you

would have thought last week these

Netflix stars had made it clear she's

not coming. We don't know who she is.

It's impossible. All of that. But no,

they're still going. I mean, personally,

I'm here for it. At the latest Ray

Winston, this from the Romesh Rangan

Nathan podcast. Watch. What do you make

of these rumors that Mega Markle's in

the next

>> Who's

Meghan Markle?

Megan

>> in what? I I've never met her.

>> You've never met her?

>> No.

>> Next series.

>> What? In the gentleman? Yeah. Oh, shut

up.

>> I don't think so.

>> That's the rumor.

>> What? No. Who spreads these rumors?

>> Well, when you said it first, you're the

first person where they're from.

>> Just thought it might happen.

Yeah, he's always a wrong.

>> Yeah, he is a wrong one. And it's not

just on and I not just on that Ray.

Actually, I'm glad you've called it.

>> And Britney, what does Megan Markle hate

more than anything? Being laughed at. I

also saw it's not even worth digging up

the quote because it was just so

anodine. But Ted Sarandos was asked by

news.com.au AU about Meghan Markle on

the Emmys red carpet last night and he

gave a completely non-committal response

suggesting that there's nothing coming

up with Netflix.

I am not surprised. Dan Megan and

Netflix have been a colossal disaster

for the most part. She has had one

success with Harry which was Harry and

Megan. Everything else was pretty much

an abysmal failure. the second season,

especially with Love Megan and

everything, absolute disaster. And so

Netflix has no desire, I think, really

to continue this dynamic. It was helpful

to get some publicity going for The

Gentleman season 2, as they did have a

sort of a big drop off from the first

season, but this is due to Netflix

having very very long sequences between

different seasons, which is starting to

hurt the various series. And so people

are aware of that. But Megan Markle, she

was just convenient to get people

talking about the show. And I think they

totally used her for that. Maybe just

kind of dragged her along a little bit

thinking she might get something, but

there would be no way she could keep up

with a show like The Gentleman. I mean,

her acting chops are low-level hallmark

at best. There's no way she could keep

up with the witty dialogue and the

intensity of something like The

Gentleman. She doesn't have the acting

ability to do so. There was no way they

were going to put her on the show except

for maybe a very brief cameo at the most

and that would be about it. But Megan, I

think is desperate to try and maybe

reinvigorate the acting side of her

Hollywood career. Unfortunately, I think

she's waited too long for that. She

should have done it with her and Harry

first made it back to the US. That's

when she should have done it. She waited

too long. She's way too toxic for any

project. And so, everybody sort of wants

to keep their distance at this point.

Yeah, and Britney, I mean, usually this

would be huge news, but obviously

there's been so much going on, but this

Invictus Games mess is growing with

Uganda now announcing that they are

reinstating their team. Obviously, this

is all leaked to Chris Ship, of course,

via the Sussex's who reports for Wokei

TV. It is understood senior staff in

Buckingham Palace reached out to the

Ugandan military, the chief of which

General Mahuzi Kayen Rugaba is the son

of the country's president Yoeri

Mussini. But palace sources have denied

the Lord Chamberlain letter about the

Sussex's has actually caused the

confusion. Chris Magazine, Uganda's

acting director of defense public

information, posted that the general had

a telephone call with King Charles's

most senior aid, Sir Clive Alderton. He

apparently told the Ugandan military

chief that Charles was moved by the

general's consideration of the monarch's

options, but he had no problem with

Uganda's participation in the Invictus

Games and encouraged him to proceed with

the Invictus participation. Uganda is

the most recent team to join. Colonel

McGee did admit the Lord Chamberlain

letter had indicated that the Invictus

games came to a private charity

organization. Senior royal staff

referred to it as the system working as

it should and that all organizations

were welcome to seek guidance from the

palace should they have any questions

which they said ended in a positive

outcome all round. But the question

remains had the letter ever been issued

with the Ugandan support out of the

Invictus Games. It simply ended an

uncertainty as the view inside

Buckingham Palace those in Prince

Harry's team and in the Invictus Games

movement would beg to differ. And you

know Britney that ship is very much

pushing this idea that the letter was

terrible because it forced the Ugandans

hand to pull out. Personally

I actually think unfortunately this is

now a boost for Prince Harry and the

Invictus Games because you now have the

king almost being forced to publicly

endorse participation in some way.

Yes, I do think this was a mixed bag in

reaction to the letter. Obviously, it

Charles going and saying, "Well, if you

want to participate in the games, you're

you're welcome to." I think was maybe a

step too far. But at the same time,

there's also an interesting thing going

on here as well, which is that Harry has

tied himself and probably Megan to a

certain extent as well to the palace in

such a way is that organizations wanting

to work with Harry go through the palace

now to see where the guidance lies. So

Harry has effectively trapped himself in

this world where he basically needs the

palace's permission to operate or that

people may go to the palace over his

head to see what they are able to do

within particular situations. And so if

Harry and Megan were ever seeking

freedom, they're actually kind of

imprisoning themselves again within the

monarchy system. If Harry and Megan had

created alternative identities outside

the monarchy through their various work,

then they wouldn't have this weird

conundrum now where they need to go to

the palace or somebody's going to go to

the palace or think that the palace

isn't going to approve of something and

so they decide not to participate.

And so it causes this sort of weird

confusion situation. And it works

definitely to the benefit of the

monarchy in certain ways and to Harry as

well.

Now, Britney, uh, it gets madder. It

gets madder because Megan is already

planning to return to the USA and we

learn, and this is what for me makes me

really cross and makes me really truly

believe Harry is just a scumbag. He is

now openly boasting about defying the

late Queen's Sandum summit agreement.

And to me, that is him openly boasting

about desecrating the memory of the late

queen. It had such a physical impact on

you there, Britney. You just couldn't

help sneezing. You see, this is this is

how mad we get. Uh, so stand by,

Britney. Take a breath. What we're going

to do is continue with all of the rest

of the royal breaking news over on

Substack at www.outsspoken.live.

Hopefully you know the drill by now, but

if you are new here, the paid monthly

and annual subscribers of Substack get

first access to the Royal Uncancelled

after show Monday to Friday with no

advertising whatsoever. And you can

watch live or on demand, whichever you

prefer. But the bigger thing is is that

my Substack community support everything

that I do. Keep me independent outside

of the Royal Ro. Never has that been

more important than now. Dan Morton

Outspoken is your no spin, no bias, no

censorship outlet for independent news.

We have no big tech backing or

billionaires pulling my strings, but

that does mean I need your support. So,

please hit subscribe on YouTube, turn on

the notification bell, and subscribe to

Dan Morton Outspoken on Spotify or Apple

Podcasts. It's totally free, but allows

me to continue my promise to always keep

fighting for you.


