Harry and Megan's UK return.
>> I wish to God it hadn't [music]
happened. He has betrayed his family,
his country. He's betrayed everybody.
And she ens snared him, didn't she? Then
[music] he met that woman. That's when
it all began to unravel for him. [music]
>> She is pretty talentless.
>> Men who marry the wrong women. In his
case, it is an absolute tragedy. He's
become petular. He has been so vile
about [music] those two. It's
unbelievable. This is the ultimate sort
of inhuman element in her character.
>> I [music] think there's a few wheels
coming off the cart. I don't get the
vibes that they desperately deeply any
longer in love with each other. Please,
America, take them back.
>> So, do Harry and Megan pose an
existential threat to the royal family
following their UK return? Just how much
damage can the Sussex's do? Well, let's
get the views of Britain's favorite
political double act, ex-conservative
member of parliament, Neil Hamilton, and
broadcaster, bestselling author, reality
TV star, and devoted wife to Neil,
Christine Hamilton. Hello, folks.
Welcome to the Mark Show.
>> Hello, Mark. Hello. Hello. Hello. What a
way to start the day.
>> So good to see you and so much to get
through. Christine,
your first impressions of Harry and
Megan's UK return. Why has it happened?
>> My first impression is I wish to God it
hadn't happened. I never want to see or
hear or think or talk or anything about
them, see a photograph, nothing ever,
ever again. And then it'll be too soon.
I was astonished. I mean, to be
perfectly honest, I was astonished.
Let's set aside how awful I think they
are. I really do think they're awful.
She is quite beyond the pale. And he has
betrayed his family, his father, his
mother-in-law, his country. He's
betrayed everybody. But there we are. My
first impression was astonishment
because I I honestly didn't think they'd
come. You wouldn't think they'd be quite
so stupid. I mean, if I was her, I
wouldn't dare go down to the village
shop wherever they're living in in um
apparently the Cotsworlds.
Uh because she must know she's
>> she's more likely to get booed than
anything else. But whether she realizes
that, I don't know. But I mean, I
imagine I read that it's all about the
children's schooling. Who wouldn't want
a really good grounding for your kids in
a British school? So, to that extent,
they're being good parents and they're
doing the best for their kids. But I
honestly I can hardly bear the thought
of either of them. The fact that they're
going to be on our newspaper front pages
and televisions every other day. Oh,
rescue me, darling, please.
>> Well, I I think the reality is that u
California has not lived up to their
expectations of what they would be able
to achieve. They saw themselves as
Hollywood A-listers, but in fact the
Hollywood A-listers have long since
dropped them from their invitations to
parties, etc. And uh I think they see a
grim future ahead of them. So they have
to head back to Blighty. Um and uh I
think they Harry will start to try to
cuddle up to the royal family um whom he
has despised and attacked and insulted
and lied about. the most appalling uh
accusations that he's made of racism and
so on and so forth. Uh but I think he
now sees having lost all his legal
actions as well which have been keeping
him going in hope uh and illfounded of
course and of course he's out of um his
depth in California altogether. He's got
nothing in California which he really
likes apart from Megan and his family.
uh you know all his previous connections
with the armed forces and so on which he
was so good at uh are 6,000 mi away. So
I think he is homesick as well probably.
Um and uh I can't imagine it'll be very
long before he becomes Megan sick as
well because she will be a fish out of
water over here. You know she has
absolutely no uh intention or desire of
um uh heeding the call of public duty
which
>> we don't want her. We don't I know we
don't. We're trying to analyze their
reasons for for coming back. Uh and uh
so I can't really see what's in it for
her to come back here. You know, she she
has failed in her um film career or TV
series career. The Netflix series bombed
and you know she is pretty talentless. I
think you know she was in that that um
series suits which I regret I never saw
but uh she she had a bit part in in that
she was never never the main star and I
don't think that she can make it in in
the acting business so because she can't
really act anybody but herself
>> one of the interesting things about this
whole saga in relation to acting is what
is the truth and we'll probably never
know behind the guy Richie business was
that guy Richie thinking this is a way
for me to get global publicity for my
forthcoming extra film, whatever it's
called, The Gentleman or something,
which by the way is filmed just around
the corner from us at at badminton
house. Um, or was it Megan's way of
getting a bit of extra publicity? In my
guess, it was probably Guy Richie
because it doesn't look good for Megan
that she was going to have this
wonderful part in this film and then
oops, suddenly no, the backlash would be
too great. So, I suspect that was Guy
Richie pulling a fast one. And good for
him. Good for him. It worked. But, uh,
Neil, I think, amazingly, he's
absolutely right. Um, California did not
work for Harry. He was a fish out of
water and she will have no intention of
assimilating into what you might call
the British way of life. It's not her
way, and she doesn't like it, and we
don't like her, I'm afraid. Uh,
>> well, you know, you know the English
countryside very well. You live in a
beautiful part of the country
yourselves. And Christine, Megan's going
to be incredibly bored, isn't she?
Rattling around a large rented mansion
in Oxford Share.
>> Yeah, I would think she'll be bored out
of her mind, but she'll she'll be going
to tend the bees and picking the fruit
and all that sort of thing. Now, I'm
sure she'll be bored. Um,
>> well, there's always the local WI.
>> My international audience, that's the
Women's Institute. And of course, let's
not forget Megan considers herself,
Christine, to be a feminist icon, even
though her great feminist story was to
come to England and marry a rich prince.
>> I know.
>> But she she is a jam maker, and that's
what the WI are famous for, isn't it?
They're jam. So,
>> the WI was good enough for our late
beloved Queen Elizabeth II. And if it
was good enough for her and the Queen
Mother,
>> but I shouldn't think the Christine, let
me interrupt you. Can can you tell my
US, Canadian, Australian audience the
Women's Institute, the WI What is it?
>> The Women's Institute, it is it is one
of the bulworks of the British way of
life. It is the warp and weft, Anne Neil
is saying, the warp and weft of of
British life generally in the
countryside. And it is obviously the
women, no men allowed. They start their
meetings with singing Jerusalem, which
is fantastic. every single meeting sing
Jerusalem and they do homely things.
People sneer at them because they bake
cakes. They take b cakes to the local
market and things like that. Cakes, jam,
they help out. They're they're they're
wonderful, wonderful women, the WI, but
they do get people sneering at them. And
I I can't think Megan would be welcome
within a sniffing mile of any
self-respecting WI because she's not
that sort of person. She's not a
dedicated serving the community, putting
other people first. That's what the WI
does, the Women's Institute. And that's
not our Megan, is it?
>> You're so right. It's not our Megan. The
WI. Yes. This wonderful membership
organization of women that goes back
many decades. And it's interesting
because you said that that Megan's not
going to participate just as Christine,
she didn't participate in Monteito
life. And in that particular Hollywood
suburb, the the locals didn't think much
of Harry and Megan.
>> No. Well, she honestly, let's let's lay
it on the table. She's ghastly. She
thinks that's what she is. She thinks
about herself far too much. She doesn't
put other people first. The secret of a
happy life is putting other people
first. People always say, "What's the
secret of a happy marriage?" Well, if if
you always put the other one first, if
he does it and I do it, you're always
thinking of the other person rather than
yourself. And if that's a rule to carry
through in life and she doesn't do that,
it's all about me me. Oh,
>> and and Paul, we we need to get uh poor
Christine revived in some way, perhaps
selling salts because she's struggling.
[laughter]
>> I mean, the truth I I would say, Neil,
that I think your lovely spouse speaks
for millions that in the UK, Harry and
Megan's UK return has not been welcomed.
>> No, I don't think so. Why should we
welcome them? You know, he has turned
his back on this country quite
deliberately and then disparaged us from
abroad. Uh and I think it's very
difficult to forgive him for his
behavior. Of course, uh Christian
theology tells us we do need to turn the
other cheek and forgive. Uh but that
comes with repentance on the part of the
malcontent or misreant as well. I see no
sign whatsoever of any repentance for
what he's done to the king uh during his
time of trial with his cancer and so on
which I think he's he's fighting very
bravely and very gamely and carrying on
uh with his responsibilities and royal
duties. I mean that's the real contrast
between him and Harry. Harry was born
into that life. He may not have wanted
to be a prince but he certainly took
full advantage of the opportunities
which being a prince uh has given him.
not least in the wealth department and
uh you would think that he would feel
some form of duty to pay back what you
know good fortune has brought to him by
birth. Yes, he did with the Invictus
Games and all his military charities and
so on. But he tagged off with Megan to
California leaving them all high and
dry. Not not to mention the African
charity no mired in corruption
allegations and so on. Uh but you know
Harry was a good-hearted uh figure who
was very popular before uh Megan came on
the scene,
>> the most popular member of the royal
family most of the time.
>> And uh he got into youthful scrapes
which people thought perhaps rather more
endearing than than anything else. Uh
and a young a young man making his way
in the world. But sadly, I'm afraid as
soon as he was taken hostage, uh all
that went out of the window.
>> President Trump put his finger on it.
the other day in this big interview he's
done when he basically said, and I'm
paraphrasing, you're speaking to the
British, you're welcome to them. I'm
glad they've gone and uh you know, he's
right. But Neil has just pointed out
Harry was so popular. We all loved
Harry. He was the you know, the the
naughty boy. We forgave him for anything
and he did all his military stuff, etc.,
etc. And then he met that woman. And
that's when it all began to unravel for
him. And she took him away from the
royal family. She took him away from
everything that he loved, everything
that he was, everything that he was
brought up to love and to believe in.
You know, the English countryside, the
Scottish reign, you know, all the
military stuff. Sticks him out in some
sterile mansion in Monteito
where he has nothing. Nothing at all.
nothing except his kids.
>> He had a proper military career as well
which um the the officials and the
government were very reluctant to give
him to go into war zones and so on. He
he played his part in in defending our
country and its interests abroad. Um and
so he had a serious side to him as well
on top of all the charity work that he
did. And of course he was good fun. Who
can forget the uh the Nazi armband fancy
dress or the naked billiards and all the
other japes that he got up to which I
think made him rather endearing as a as
a young man um you know reaching
maturity uh and doing all the things
that normal people do. Not that I've
done naked billiards of course but uh
it's you've got the balls for it
[laughter]
but that I've never managed to get them
in the pocket.
>> Shut up. But [laughter]
Uh, good.
>> But you know, Mark,
>> please can you raise the tone,
Christine? It's a family show.
>> I I am trying to It's my life's work to
raise the tone with him around. Um, it's
a tragedy actually. It really is a
tragedy because he had so much to offer.
And I mean, the world is littered with
men who married the wrong women and vice
versa, women who marry the wrong men.
>> Neil, stop nodding. [laughter]
In his case, it is an absolute tragedy.
It's a I think he could have given so
much to this country. He was giving so
much to this country. Uh and he's just
been he's been snatched away and he's
become petulant and you know he
obviously hoping to get millions from
the newspapers, the mail in particular I
think it was. And now I mean I don't
know he's got to find 10 million 11
million or something. Goodness knows how
he's going to find that. But you know,
we haven't mentioned one person who I
think is obviously horrified by his
return and that's the Prince of Wales,
Prince William. And what Katherine
thinks, a goodness knows because he has
been so vile about those two. It's
unbelievable. And the queen, too.
>> And Camila, the Queen. Yes. I mean, he's
been hideous about his mother-in-law,
who I think is doing. She's wonderful.
Is doing a fantastic I always used to
say, anybody whose best friend is Jilly
Cooper is all right by me. And the one
of the Queen's best mates was Jilly
Cooper. I'm sure your American um
viewers will know Jilly Cooper. Yeah,
her novels presumably have gone over to
the Atlantic. And if they haven't, you
need to find Jilly Cooper now.
>> Maybe that's why in in Rutshshire, which
was Jill Cooper's fictional county in
which all her rounchy um sets were were
fixed.
>> Do you remember that appalling
interview? I don't know who they were
doing it for, but there were Harry and
Megan sitting on a sati or something and
she pretended to show how she bowed to
the queen as she did this incredibly
fake bow. It was hideous. It was so rude
and insulting to the queen. It really
was. And oh, I can't I can't I really
can't bear her. Have I made that clear?
>> Well, you have indeed. And actually, you
wrote a successful bestselling book
called Great British Battle Axes that
featured Margaret Thatcher, Queen
Victoria, and others. I'm assuming that
there's no chance, Christine, that Megan
can make herself a legend in this
country.
>> No, Megan is absolutely not a battle
act. She She isn't.
>> It'd be great little stilettos would be
the book that she uses.
>> And I'll tell you the other thing. I'm
going to be really petty and and and
awful and let women down, but the way
she walks drives me around the bench.
She's like a giraffe with ricketetts and
she's always sort of, you know, why
can't you just walk? You know, just walk
and everything to be
>> Why do you Why do you think Christine
that Harry fell for Megan?
>> Well, I mean, there are fairly obvious
things, aren't there? I mean, she goes,
"Well, I mean, Neil thinks she's a stick
insect. He can't It's not what he likes,
as you might see." Um, and I'm afraid
Princess
>> I like a soft landing.
>> Um, but you know,
>> it's an aicionado of the love handles
perhaps.
>> I know they're getting worse as I get
older. Um, you know, there are obvious
attractions to Megan if you like that
sort of thing basically. But I don't
know. She she ins snared him, didn't
she?
>> She ins snared him.
>> H how? So
>> you Well, I don't know one.
>> How does a girl do that? How does a girl
ins sns snare a young prince?
>> Well, everybody speculates to to this
day how the duchess of Windsor ins
snared the Duke of Windsor, the then
Duke of Windsor. Um, and there are all
sorts of rumors as to how she did it.
So, we don't know. We can't go into how
Megan did it. No, we can't we can't I
don't know. But they obviously they fell
in love and bingo off she went. You
>> I mean, he does seem to be totally
besotted.
>> I'm not sure anymore.
>> Who knows?
>> I'm not sure anymore. I think there's a
few wheels coming off the cart, but I
mean, what do I know?
>> Neil, you've had a fantastic and long
venerated career in public life, and you
admire and respect the king, and you are
very protective of the institutions of
this country. You're you're quite the
traditionalist. Are you concerned, Neil,
about the potential damage that the
Sussexes can do to the British monarchy
following their UK return? Well, I think
it's hard to imagine they can do any
more damage than they've done already.
Uh, you know, I think they're one big
yawn. Actually, I know that the media
still still gives them a lot of
publicity as we are doing this this
morning ourselves, but but nevertheless,
I I don't think there's no novelty about
them any longer. It's always the same,
isn't it? It I think they're very very
tedious, actually. And if you look at
the Daily Telegraph, they seem to be
keen to have photographs of Megan as
often as they can get them. And I said,
well, what on earth is it? If you look
at the comment sections of underneath
the articles which are illustrating the
it's full of vituperation from their
readers as why are you doing this? You
know, I'm going to cancel my
subscription etc etc etc. Uh so I don't
I don't think that uh they're going to
be news. Uh it's difficult to imagine
what they can do which is novel which
they haven't done before. Uh uh I just
find it very difficult to understand
what it is that Megan is going to do in
England because she seems to have no
feeling whatsoever for English life and
she isn't going to be a pillar of the
local community. That's for sure. And I
can't believe that uh the uh the Clarks
and Cameron set in the Cotsworld are
going to be interested in them anymore
than the Cloonies and others of the
Hollywood A-lister set. So I think the
future for them is rather bleak I if
they don't want to accommodate
themselves to what England is all about.
>> No, I mean one of the joys of living in
a relatively small community which we do
is is exactly that. If community it's,
you know, seeing people in church,
seeing them in the village shop and that
sort of thing. She's not going to be
doing all that. People will be popping,
I suspect, to know which school the kids
are going to. And while we're on
schools, I'll tell you something else
which drives me around the bend is the
fact that she's called her daughter
Lily. I mean, that really was the final
two fingers to the royal family. I mean,
she regards it. She says it's a
compliment. She didn't ask the queen if
that was okay. And there was no way the
queen would have given permission.
Nobody uses that word. And forever until
that child is dead, we're going to be
rem.
There's going to be this awful reminder
of how she hijacked the pet nickname of
one of our most beloved beloved British
people. I Oh, golly.
>> Well, well, we we on the Mark Dolan show
have banned the use of the word Lily
because we consider it to be a stolen
name. And you will agree with me,
Christine, and Neil, that this is not
about the children. I'm sure that Archie
and Lily are cute, adorable children. So
we will never speak ill of them. But the
parents are accountable to the fact that
they stole that name from the queen.
Robert Hardman's book [clears throat]
details an episode in which the queen is
quoted as saying, "Well, I don't own the
houses. I don't own the paintings." They
only took the one thing that I do own,
which is my name. And another courtier,
an inside royal source was quoted as
saying they'd never seen the queen
angrier.
>> I could well believe it. And the queen
would never, of course, let on in
conversation with anybody outside the
palace what she really thought because
that was the secret of her great success
as a monarch was that she never gave an
interview and never let her guard down.
Um, and she never put her foot wrong.
But I can imagine what she thought about
this. It was a pet name when she was too
tiny to be able to say her own name. and
only those who've known her for that
length of time and were real confidants
uh would ever use it. So it was a very
private thing and Megan of course
appropriated it and used it publicly
presumably as part of her PR stickick.
Uh and again you know this not for the
for the child or out of respect for the
queen. It was all part of her money
grubbing uh career that she thought she
was going to be able to make for herself
on the back of the royal family. Well,
yes. And I think Christine, it was about
cementing and futurep proofing Lily as a
royal person.
>> That exactly. I was about to say that
and also I was about to say what what
you've just quoted from Robert Hardman's
book is so sad. The Queen's reaction on
hearing what she'd done, taking the name
that we're not going to mention. Not
only was it her childhood name, but as I
understand it, it was the name that uh
her husband Philillip used for her. Now,
you know, to have that stolen by an
American bit part actress who's stolen
your what is he? Grandson.
>> Yeah. Grandson.
>> Yes. Grandson.
>> I don't know. I mean, yeah, I'm sure
you're right. Those kids are probably
delightful and sweet, etc., etc. And and
they're going to have to need a lot of
protection from the media. I presume
they'll have signed some sort of
agreement because as soon as the media
know which school they're at, I mean,
they'll be sitting at the school gate,
won't they? Well, of course, but they've
had Neil, Archie and Lily, have had no
protection from their own parents,
particularly [laughter]
particularly Megan, who has posted
images of Archie and Lily,
>> on Instagram, nonstop. Now, I'll grant
you that members of the royal family,
the Wales, for example, will publish a
photograph of George on his birthday,
and that's all good and proper. But
Megan has been leveraging Archie and
Lily for clicks for years now. Uh out
with birthdays and special occasions,
trips to Disneyland, even remembering
the feminist author Gloria Steinman this
week. Megan can't resist posting a
photograph of this legendary author
alongside Archie. And you're a top
lawyer, Neil. Do you think that it
excuses this cynicism if she puts a
heart emoji on the face of the child or
the photograph is from behind?
>> Well, I think it's appallingly bad taste
uh to begin with. Uh whatever the
legalities are, but you know, we know
that she's on her world privacy tour the
whole time, don't we? uh and and uh
that's the hypocrisy of it, of course,
that they want to have their privacy,
but they will use their children as
designer accessories in order to further
their money-making exercises. But but
Neil, just uh putting your lawyer head
on for a second, would would a would a
jury or a judge take seriously the idea
that Harry and Megan are protecting
their children's privacy by posting
photos of them online, but with some
sort of animation covering their face?
Is that a solid defense? Well, of
course, the rights of privacy belong to
the child, not the parents. Um and uh I
don't suppose that Archie and Lily are
going to sue their their mother for
breaching their privacy but it does mean
that if the if the parents in future
seek to take actions uh to protect the
children um ostensibly at any rate that
that could well feature in the defense
of of the people that they're suing. So,
uh, they're shooting themselves in the
foot by doing this because, you know,
they're trying to have it both ways as
as ever. You know, she wanted to be in
the royal family, but not have to have
to do anything which royals do by way of
duty. She wanted all the glitz and
glamour and tinsel, but she wasn't
prepared to put in the hard work. And
now she's using her children in the same
way. You know, she
says on the one hand that uh, you know,
we need to respect their privacy, but on
the other hand, she's blaring their
images all over the internet. And we
know what it's all about ultimately.
It's nothing to do with them. It's all
It's all to do with her. Christine, is
it a defense of Megan that she covers
their faces?
>> Well, I suppose it's a slight defense,
but not really. No, because um No,
>> I wouldn't have thought it's it's a
defense at all because he's the lawyer.
>> The fa the facial features are only a
part of their personality and uh
everybody knows anyway who they are and
the fact that you've obscured the face.
It doesn't mean that uh the the image
goes away. It's a different kind of
image, but the image is still of the
same person. The
>> these are photographs of your children
that you're publishing to an audience of
millions.
>> Exactly. I'll tell you the other thing
that annoys the hell out of me out of
those two. Um I wished anybody in
America who's watching for goodness
sake, please get a petition going to
please can we have them back cuz yes you
can. Um Harry has still to my knowledge
unless he's done it so quietly and under
the radar I doubt that never met his
father-in-law.
>> That's correct.
Thomas
>> never had the decent
>> spoken to him on the phone briefly.
never met him. And Thomas Marl Senior
has never met his grandchildren either.
>> I know. I mean, you know, that says it
all about the man, doesn't it? It really
does. He hasn't had the decency. He
hasn't had the balls. Let's go back to
that subject. He hasn't had the balls to
go and see Thomas Markle. And their
excuse was that, oh, it was all be a
media circus. No, it wouldn't. You
>> What's not to like then if it's a media
circus?
>> You can do these things under the radar.
Can you imagine how poor Thomas Markle
feels? It's
>> well, we don't need to imagine because
we've we've seen him talking about it on
on TV and and uh so
but it's all down to her, isn't it? If
if Harry really wanted to see Thomas
Markl, he'd have to have to get her
permission. Um and that clearly has been
if he he ever expressed a desire denied.
Uh and uh so once again,
>> she's ashamed of him.
>> It's her father. You would think that
she would have some vestigial um feeling
for the the man who put her on the
planet, but I I really think this is the
ultimate sort of inhuman element in her
character. You know, she's so totally
obsessed with her own personality. She
doesn't care even causing the most
appalling upset to her own father. you
know, her own father who was actually
responsible for giving her the
opportunities ultimately for the media
career that she had and made, you know,
a bit of a success of it. At any rate
and he she's she's given him absolutely
nothing in return as far as I can see at
a time when he was extremely ill too.
>> Yes. And he was fighting for his life,
Christine, in a Philippines intensive
care unit. And Neil's right that he
brought her into the world. He also
parented her on his own for a number of
years in the absence of Doria. We don't
know where Doria was. And then the issue
you've got is according to Thomas Markle
Junior Christine uh the father Thomas
spent around $750,000
on Megan's education. And that would be
dance classes, private school, acting
lessons. By the way, where's the refund?
And a stint at Northwestern University.
And you know how expensive US colleges
are. 34 of a million. This guy now,
Christine, Thomas Markle Senior, is flat
broke.
>> I it it beggars belief. It really does.
You wouldn't I mean, you wouldn't put
the story in a novel. Um and I mean, I
think she's probably ashamed of him, but
if I was her, I would have said to
Harry, "Look,
go and see my father." And if I was
Harry, he'd been brought up in the
British tradition, and people might
think it's very old-fashioned, but you
know, the monarchy is a bit
old-fashioned. Harry should have said,
"I have got to go and see your father,
not to ask him if I can marry you, but
just to introduce myself and say, here I
am. Your daughter has kindly said she'll
marry me. So, this is the man she's
going to marry." He doesn't have to do
the oldfashioned, please, may I have
your daughter's hand. It's, you know,
that's gone. Neil didn't do that. My
parents, we lived together for so long.
My parents were wondering where the hell
we were going to get. They'd given up
when we we took them out.
>> I I never proposed anyway. I had an
ultimatum. So,
>> ah, maybe maybe I remember it now. We
were driving up the M1 to go to Bradford
of all places where I was a conservative
candidate in the 1979 general election.
And I was told suddenly I was going to
get married. So, I swerved onto the hard
shoulder
and
>> and the rest is history. history.
>> It doesn't sound like the M1. It doesn't
sound like a motorway, Christine. Sounds
like the road to hell.
>> Oh, [laughter]
>> well, as you know, that's paved with
good intentions.
>> It most definitely is. Listen, I you
have I've got to tell you the most
amazing marriage. You're the most
amazing people. And before we wrap this
up, I will put it on a couple of things.
In a moment, Christine, I'm going to ask
you your thoughts about the future of
the Sussex's marriage following this UK
return. But you're the nicest people.
You've been together for so long. You've
had Neil lots of challenges in your
career. You've been in public life, top
lawyer, politician as well, a scandal or
two, fame, notoriety, financial
problems. Um, it's been a roller coaster
ride. And the one thing that's got you
through that is a strong marriage. Do
you think Harry and Megan have the same
thing?
>> Well, look, who who knows? I mean, I
don't claim to be an expert in any shape
or form on anything, Royal. I have no
idea. All I know is is what I read
>> and what you see because you can watch
the body language, can't you? I
>> I was just going to say the body
language and the stories are that Harry
used to take himself off when they were
in Monteito for hours if not days at a
time. The stories are that he used to go
and book into a hotel because he
couldn't stand it any longer. And they
must have teen hotel um bedrooms in
their um house. There were stories about
how many bathrooms they had. So they
could easily get away from each other in
the same house. But No, he had to go
even further. I don't know. He may be so
a lot of couples stay together for the
children. The only thing that keeps them
together, they hang on in there until
the children are grown up. I mean, the
the trauma of a divorce for those kids
um I mean most people have been close to
a divorce in some shape or form and has
seen the effect on young children. It
would be devastating for those kids. So
I think if Harry's got any decency or
she has any decency, haha, they will
stick together for the sake of the
children. But who knows what will
happen.
>> I mean, do you think though, Christine,
>> I don't get I don't get the vibes that
they desperately deeply any longer in
love with each other. I mean, yes, I'm
sure there was all that stuff to start
with, the lust and all this gets you
going. Um, and they probably were in
love, but whether they are as deeply in
love as you need to be to get you right
through to the end of the road, I I
doubt. But who?
>> But but Christine, you you know you know
what men are like, and that's why you
you keep Neil on a very short leash. Uh,
to paraphrase Hillary Clinton, Neil is a
difficult dog to keep on the porch.
>> No, he's not.
>> How dare you? Stop. How dare you compare
my husband to Bill Clinton? He is not a
difficult dog to get.
>> Well, the problem you've got, you've got
a you've always had a big headache,
Christine, which is that Neil is a
triple threat. Looks, brains, and brawn,
and therefore, you've had to watch over
him like a hawk. Now, it wouldn't be
Christine. It wouldn't be Neil that was
the indiscrete one, but there will be
women in public life throwing themselves
at him. But luckily, you've been ever
present. Is there a concern?
>> Are you suggesting these are all
threesomes or what? [laughter]
No, there's there's not enough room in
that bedroom for more than the two of
you, I would have thought. But
Christine,
notwithstanding that commendation I've
just given of of Neil and his prowess,
do you not think it's a problem that
Megan may have to spend months of the
year in the United States propping up
her media and business empire? They
could be apart for months. Does that
bode well for the longevity of the
marriage?
Well, if people are people are forced
apart for million and one reasons, you
know, if if you're married to a
submariner, if you're married to
somebody who's gods to the moon or
whatever, you know, a lot of ordinary
couples spend a lot of time apart. And
no, if the marriage is solid, it does
not uh bode trouble. You just have to
get on with it on your own and and a
little bit of sacrifice and learn to say
no. It couldn't be easier. But I think
Megan, you've I think you've hit upon
something. I think Megan is going to be
bored to tears in England. She just
hasn't got what she needs. So, I think
you'll find that she's flipping
backwards and forwards quite a lot.
There seem to be private jets at their
disposal or did they pay for the jet?
They Well,
>> I don't know. Who knows?
>> We don't know whether we don't know
whether she were they were helped by a
wealthy benefactor. By the way, I better
put it on the record that the Sussex's
deny that they stole the name Liet.
Harry insists that he spoke to the Queen
about it. Let's just say that that one
is open to debate. Um Christine, before
I come
vary,
>> but but Christine, before I get to Neil
and a quick word on the Daily Mail and
Harry being on the hook for millions of
unle unlimited legal expenses, just a
final thought on the marriage. I hear
what you're saying. Harry just has to
say no, but you know what those Mount
Batten Windsor boys are like.
[laughter]
>> Well, make it clear that I don't have
personal experience um of that. No, but
lose his virginity
in a field next to our local pub down
here in Wilshire. My goodness. Well,
that's uh that's rather rather
unedifying. I won't be having a pie
away.
>> Well, that's quite shocking. But
Christine, my point is that the the
Mount Baton Windsor men starting with
Philillip downwards, they're they're
liitous men with their needs.
>> Um are you suggesting that Harry is the
one who will stray? Well, I'm just
saying if a man is rattling around the
house on his own for three months at a
time, if he's tucked away at a rental
property in the Cotswwells, he could
quite discreetly indulge in some
friendships. And if I was Megan, I'd be
worried about that. I I couldn't agree
more because ostensibly Harry's a um to
some people, a lot of people I imagine,
Harry's an attractive man. He doesn't
float my boat, but I shouldn't think I
float his either. I'm old enough to be
his grandmother. Um, but yes, I'm sure
you're right. And if you let uh a um a
still relatively young testosterone
fueled man on his own for weeks on end,
>> uh it all comes down to trust, doesn't
it? And there are several things that
are very often underrated in a marriage
and one of them is trust. And once you
break that trust, you can never rebuild
it. It's like a Ming vase. You cannot
put it back together. You can try and
mend it, but it's gone. And any any
anybody who has strayed or their partner
has strayed, they know that you have
lost that absolute magic. It's gone
because one of you has broken the trust,
>> Neil. Is Harry going to struggle to keep
the crown jewels under lock and key?
>> Well, I suppose Megan can at least
promise him always jam tomorrow, can't
she? But uh uh but I don't I don't I
don't know where whether he's more
interested in Jam today and when when
the cat's away. So we we'll we'll we'll
see. I mean I I can't speculate
obviously on on their private lives and
don't know about and what's going on
inside his head assuming anything is. So
um you know that's that's a culde-sac I
think as far as I'm concerned but I
think my fancy Megan at all. I mean, I
find it difficult to know how he got off
the starting blocks, but they
>> all I would suggest you and you're so
right. We don't see what goes on behind
closed doors, Neil, but it doesn't bode
well if your spouse is away for months
on end.
>> No, that's true. And uh I I agree with
Christine, of course, because that's in
the marriage lines, but uh she's
absolutely right. I I can't see that
Megan is going to fit into English
country life, and she will be bored to
tears. Uh so I think she will be in
California for long periods or very very
frequently uh every year assuming they
they are here for more than one year. Um
so it doesn't bode well at all. I agree.
>> I think they've apparently got a place
in Portugal as well near either Euenei
or Beatatric whichever one lives out
there. So I expect you'll go out there
quite a lot. I mean the weather's
usually better than it is here.
>> Well I don't know. It gets a lot of
rain, Portugal. So,
>> look, honestly, Mark, I don't know. I
mean, I don't wish them ill. I just wish
that they were on the other side of the
Atlantic forever. President Trump is
absolutely right on this one. So,
please, America, take him back. This has
been by some distance the most
entertaining 40 minutes of my week, of
my month, potentially of my year. My
thanks to the ex-conservative member of
parliament, Neil Hamilton, and
broadcaster, bestselling author, reality
star and devoted wife to Neil Christine.
Neil and Christine Hamilton. Thank you
so much. Thank you.
>> Now, I'd love to have your reaction to
what Neil and Christine have to say.
Please let me know in the comments.
Please like, subscribe, hit the
notification bell, check out membership,
and I'll see you for another big one
tomorrow. Bye for now.
I'm quizzing. It's not a laptop. It's a
desktop. Desktop. Perfect. My
>> earrings just dropped.
>> Oh, get Yeah, get your earring. We've
got
>> His ears just dropped off. We've got
time for you to get your earrings.
>> Well, where is it? Move your feet a bit.
>> Take your time, Neil. We'll At some
point, Neil will do an evening session
over a glass of wine.
>> It's too ridiculous. Where's it gone?
>> Yeah. Let's find your earring because I
want you to make sure you find it.
Otherwise, if you don't get it now,
we'll never see it again. It had can't
have gone into my turnup cuz I'm not
wearing any trousers.
>> Don't stop being silly. Stand up.
>> That's a lie, by the way.
>> Stand up.
>> I'm glad I can hear it.
>> So, just But for the avoidance of doubt,
Christine has lost her earring. But we
will not crawling under the desk.
>> Well, this is most bizarre. It's my
>> gone underneath that filing cabinet.
Perhaps we can't. It's too stupid. It
just fell off just
>> and we have to find it, Neil, because
otherwise you're going to have to buy a
new pair and you'll be skinned
>> or cut off an ear.
>> I'll tell you what. I'll tell you
seriously what I'd better do is I found
it.
>> Ah,
>> well done.
>> I mean, it had to be here. There it is.
It's my pussycat
camera.
>> There's no There's no response to that.
Praise the Lord. Exactly. Um folks show
>> well um the show must go on and I'd like
to on a matter of public record that
Neil suggested chopping off one of your
ears as a solution to the lost earring
demonstrating what a pragmatic and
practical man your husband is.
>> Well that yeah anyway passing swiftly on
>> if a little unromantic. Okay. Right.
[laughter]
[music]