It was vital for the king to make it

absolutely clear that the Sussexes are

not going to be royalty here, that their

ploy to ingratiate themselves will fail.

Any charity that wants to associate with

Megan, hopefully the donors will

immediately withdraw their support

because she's a a dangerous narcissist

and disloyal to Britain.

>> I can't imagine Megan and Harry doing

that. Um, and she'll go back and forth

until it becomes so boring they'll just

split. I'm told some of her so-called

friends, like the Clooney, are even

pissed off with her.

>> I'm very excited to say that today we

are introducing our new outspoken royal

mastermind. Now, this has been a long

time in the making. It follows many

discussions at Castle Goring and we are

talking about Princess Olga Romangh.

There she is, the late Queen Elizabeth

II's third cousin, great niece of Sar

Nicholas II and a woman with more royal

blood running through her veins than

most people sitting around the palace

table. Her father escaped revolutionary

Russia on a British warship. Her

grandmother was rescued by King George

himself. She is related to the late

Prince Philillip on both his Danish and

Russian sides, and she once had her name

quietly floated as a possible bride for

the future King Charles by her mother,

but her verdict was he had a lucky

escape. I disagree, obviously. Today,

she lives at the magnificent 13th

century Proter House in Kent, which she

has restored with her own hands and now

opens to the public. The house has been

in her mother's family since 1890 and

Olga is the fourth generation to live

inside it. And of course, she is, some

of you might know, she is already part

of our extended royal community because

she is best friends with our lady Colin

Campbell and was the star guest at her

castle goring ball this summer. So to

hear from one of the most refreshingly

unfiltered voices in the extended royal

family, Princess Olga, welcome to the

show. I am so glad that Lady C and I

have finally convinced you to do this,

Olga. You needed a bit of proddding.

>> Hello, Dan. Yes, indeed. A little bit of

proddding,

but it's nice to be here. Well, look, we

need some sage views because of course,

Princess Algrid is a difficult time. A

difficult time for the British royal

family in a lot of ways. And I actually

want to kick off today with the royal

biographer Tom Bower because you know

Princess Olgre obviously there's been

this decision this week by the Lord

Chamberlain to convince King Charles

into sending this letter publicly

confirming that the Sussex's ploy to I

guess reingratiate themselves back into

the British royal family will fail. But

I don't know if you agree, Princess

Olga, but Tom Bower says he believes

Meghan Markle does remain a dangerous

threat to the British royal family.

Watch this.

>> I think it was outstandingly helpful

late. I think that should have come

immediately. I think that uh Lord

Chamberlain a politician by trade and a

land owner obviously but also did I'm

sure he influenced the king whereas

other members of staff failed and that's

why came out in his name Richard Benign

because in the end it was vital for the

king to make it absolutely clear that

the Sussexes are not going to be royalty

here that their ploy to ingratiate

themselves will fail and that is down to

the king

>> and very important to mention the

charity part as Well, because it seemed

to me that if they kept on turning up to

charitable events, they would look very

like royal events.

>> Well, they would, but on the other hand,

any charity that wants to be associated

with Megan, hopefully the donors will

immediately withdraw their support

because she's a a dangerous narcissist

and disloyal to Britain. And as for

Harry, well, I think he might be able to

invagle himself into some military

charities. But it does depend on his

conduct entirely. Is he apologetic? Is

he contrite? or is he here just to blow

up the uh the monarchy?

>> And this is why he believes that Harry

and Megan specifically cause an ongoing

risk.

>> Well, the signs don't seem very good, do

they? That the friends of the Sussexes

today were immediately criticizing the

statement, saying they weren't warned

about it in advance. Why should they

have been warned about it? It was just a

statement of the status quo.

>> Absolutely. and more to the point his

demand constantly for protection which

is all just about having the process

having uh the the cavalcades and the

status of being a royal. No, I think it

was it was late of the king to issue

that statement. There's been too much

regulation. They're here they risk

damaging the monarchy very seriously and

hopefully this will be uh something

which will put pay to that.

>> Okay, so Princess Hog so much to pick up

on there. Firstly, this letter itself

sent by the king. How do you feel about

or sent by the Lord Chamberlain but on

behalf of the king? How do you feel

about it? Because some people are saying

that it doesn't actually go far enough.

So, for example, it doesn't provide an

absolute certainty as to whether people

should bow for Prince Harry, whether

they should curtsy for Meccan for

example. I mean, if would you, as it

stands, if you were at an event? No,

>> you wouldn't curtsy for Megan.

>> I would not.

>> But you would curtses for Katherine?

>> Yes, of course.

>> So, what's the difference?

>> What's the difference? Well, um I mean

Megan has tried to pull the whole royal

family down. Katherine is the Princess

of Wales and has behaved immaculately

um since she met William at St. Andrews,

as have her parents.

So there's absolutely um there's there's

no comparison. Megan is a different ball

game altogether and and an American and

um a lot of she I think she just wants

to pull everything down. She wants to

kind of rearrange everything to her own

uh how she thinks it should be done. And

poor old Harry, bless him, has been

sucked in completely.

Do you feel sorry for Harry?

>> Yes and no. I I mean, you know, I have

sons. Um I have a daughter, but I have

sons and and if one of them was to make

a complete ass of himself because he

married

an inappropriate woman and made a

complete of everything. Yes, I

would I would because it's my son. I

would feel um very sorry for him that he

was sucked in. So I feel slightly sorry

for Harry. not not h not not sorry

enough because I think if when they came

over back to Britain which I God knows

why they did by the way um if they had

kept their heads down for 6 months and

not a word past either of their lips

people some people might have slightly

warm towards them but they have already

um alienated people and they've only

been here a month

>> I know why I I know so this is What is

the astonishing thing? Right. Number

one, why do you believe they came over?

Because my reporting Princess Elgar is

this was really Harry's ultimatum to

Megan Markle. He has been incredibly

unhappy in uh California. The marriage

has been collapsing. Lady Colin Campbell

has reported on this uh shall we say

friendship [laughter] friendship with a

with a with a woman in Monteito.

And really it was him laying down the

gauntlet to her. if you want any chance

of this marriage sort of officially

surviving, come home. But now we hear

that she's going to be spending the vast

bulk of the time in California. I mean,

is that a real marriage? And can you

just explain a little bit from your

perspective as knowing how so many royal

families work? Why are there these

marriages of convenience,

not love? It's quite common, isn't it?

But first, you know, here on Outspoken,

we spend an awful amount of time talking

about institutions that don't give you

the full picture. Well, here's one that

can hit Americans directly in their

wallet. Medicare. Millions of people are

on the wrong Medicare plan and don't

even know it. Not because they're

careless, because most Medicare agents

only show you the plans that pay them

the most. So, you never see the full

picture. That's why I want you to know

about Chapter. They are the only

Medicare advisors that compare every

plan nationwide. Chapter's independent

advisers look at your doctors, your

prescriptions, your priorities, and

they're honest. They're not paid to

steer you anywhere. One caller called

Chip found out his old broker had been

putting his own paycheck first. Chapter

found him a better fit and now he's

saving over $1,300

a year. Folks who switched with Chapter

saved an average of $1,100

a year on health care costs. So call


now. It's free, takes under 20 minutes,

and there is no sales pitch. finally see

the full picture by calling 8148134918.

But now back to the show.

>> Well, yes, back in the day it was, but I

don't think this the Megan and Harry's

marriage was a marriage of convenience.

I think um it swept him off his feet and

he he felt something that he had

probably hadn't felt before. Um and and

she, you know, Megan was on to it and um

it made it bigger and [sighs and snorts]

um just stroked [clears throat] his ego.

>> Yes. I mean, God, he was totally he was

totally besottled and in love then. I

mean, I do not dispute that for a single

second because it made him do crazy

things. It made him literally turn on

his whole family. But now my belief is

that the the roset tinted glasses, the

bear goggles, whatever you want to call

it, they are well and truly off. And

that's why he's like, "Well, I'm coming

home and you can spend as much time here

as you want." But I mean, is that really

a marriage if he is here and she is

there for most of the time?

>> Um, some marriages work quite well with

absence makes the heart grow fonder. I

mean, look at the military. Some of some

marriages when the when the man is away

or the woman depending um is away and

they come back after six months or so

it's magical. Um however I think in this

case it may be that this is a uh a way

of separating them. It'll just do this

and then it'll just you know it'll we'll

see they're getting divorced.

>> Lady Colin Campbell compared it to the

Duke and Duchess of Kent.

>> Duke and Duchess of Kent. Yeah.

>> Oh, they were they were they were happy

and they're very very old in their

doage, weren't they?

>> So maybe when they were young.

>> So so so so yeah. May maybe there are

some differences here.

>> I don't I don't think Megan will last

that long.

>> No, exactly. This is this is so clearly

the beginning of the end, isn't it?

Because by enrolling the children at

school,

>> he is basically saying this is a 15-year

commitment. I mean,

>> have they been to Oh, for the children.

Yes. Yes.

>> For Yeah. For as in for the ch like as

in a 15-year commitment to the United

Kingdom.

>> Yeah.

>> And she hated it here. Princess Olga.

She did not like our country. She I

mean, you're a really country woman,

right? You you absolutely adore you call

it shoveling shoveling the sword. You

You love that. But but she hates that.

>> Yeah. Great. But I guess English

education is better than American. Um,

and it's good that the children, poor

things, are at a a stable school. Um, no

doubt a day school. They must they

presumably have a nanny or someone that

um is there to help them in the mornings

and at night because I can't imagine

Megan and Harry doing that. Um, and

she'll go back and forth until it

becomes so boring they'll just split. I

think

>> I think you're totally on to it. I guess

what the issue becomes is one around

money and one around custody

>> because I believe that is behind this

almost I mean I don't know how you feel

about it but almost craven bid by Prince

Harry to say no we spent the past six

years telling you all that we are

private individuals and that we want to

be treated as private individuals and we

will pay for our own security because

we're going to go over and we're going

to earn tens of millions and don't you

dare even think about treating us as

public people. And then this week, this

week they're furious with the king's

letter, Princess Olga, for describing

them as exactly that, for saying that

they are

>> private citizens. And now they're saying

they want to be public figures. Oh my

god, I've got so much to unpick about

this because firstly, can you be a

public figure when you are literally

hiding your children from the world even

though you claim that those children

should keep their prince and princess

title and remain in the line of

succession? I think this is just so

desperately confused.

I think the whole thing is in

unbelievably hypocritical and and I feel

terribly sorry for the king because

there that's his son that's done the

dirty on him over and over again and uh

you know I just and that letter was well

overdue. I would have um made it even

stronger I rather think and um but you

know it must be awful for him. And then

of course there's poor poor um Prince of

Wales who must be um spitting blood.

>> Why is anyway why do you think so much

pressure is being put on Prince William

and Katherine the Princess of Wales to

reconcile? Because I'm seeing it

everywhere.

>> Who is putting pressure on them? I'm

talking about the mainstream media,

commentators,

>> media, a media and um and people that

known out and um just want to cause

trouble, not the people that matter.

Sorry.

>> So, what would your advice be to

William?

>> I would wait and see how it goes. Maybe

if um Harry keeps his head down and

doesn't do anything heenous in the next

12 months or so, I might speak to him.

Might.

>> [laughter]

>> I mean, isn't the issue though? He's

proven that he will not do that because

because that letter was released,

Princess Olga, and within like I mean, I

think it was in within hours he's

basically saying this was a great

betrayal and I should have been able to

adjust parts of the letter. And then he

released that statement to the BBC and

the Daily Telegraph saying, "Oh, we were

so surprised by this." I'm like, he has

learned nothing. However, I'm not sure.

I mean, my personal view is it's more

likely to be their advisers being stoked

by Megan rather than Harry using his

brain. He must still have one somewhere

there.

>> Not a very big one.

>> No,

>> but I agree. I agree. Megan is calling

the shots behind the scenes, isn't she?

And the problem is,

>> but they have awful people, their

advisers [clears throat]

working for them. So yeah, you know,

>> I wouldn't I don't don't think it's

necessarily Harry.

>> And is the problem that thou Hollywood

people the latest bombshells from Harry

and Megan that the Monteito Mafia and

the rest of the media are desperate to

hide. Subscribe right now for the real

story with zero spin and zero

censorship.

>> Well, are they? I don't think that I

haven't actually seen them being um

Megan doing anything in Hollywood. She's

not been in any big films. I'm told some

of her so-called friends, like the

Clooney, are even pissed off with her.

Please.

>> Yeah. [cough]

It's interesting, isn't it, seeing the

fact that I mean, look, you've been in

this world for decades, right? Talk to

me a little bit about this. But my sort

of uh uplose view of it, knowing these

Hollywood A-listers very well in my

former career, right, was which was in

the entertainment industry. So I'm

talking about people like Taylor Swift,

you know, big big celebrities. Okay.

>> And they prefer

>> the connection to real royalty. And so

as a result, they have like as you talk

about the Cloonies are very very furious

because they feel as if Harry and Megan

have sort of ruined their chances with

the real royals.

>> Yeah. Quite

let down. I mean, I believe at the

wedding at the the Megan and Harry's

wedding, um there were a lot of stars,

including the Beckhams, that they didn't

actually know,

>> but they were invited.

>> Yeah. That they'd never met.

>> And that that's slightly odd, don't you

think? Since then, they've met them, but

it was all and the Cloonies were there.

I think I think the whole thing

is very odd. What I'm going to do is

also show you this other moment from Tom

Bower. This is an interesting one,

Princess Olga, because as you know,

Prince George started this week at Eaton

College and we saw the scenes as he

arrived with Prince William and

Katherine, the Princess of Wales. It was

very different to when Prince William

had arrived in the 1990s and there were

banks of cameras. In this case, Princess

Auga, things had really changed. They

had decided to try and protect him.

There was a singular camera. There was a

singular video. There is a real move to

say we have modernized and we understand

that George has to be seen. But also has

to be protected in a way that Prince

William and Prince Harry were not in the

1990s. It was a different world though,

wasn't it? It was before social media

and and the tabloids dominated.

>> But what's interesting is that Tom

Bower, this is an interesting point. And

it's going to be a controversial one

because I think you probably agree with

me that Prince William and Catherine

have done an absolutely brilliant job

and they are totally focused on raising

three wonderful children. But Tom Bower,

and I just want to be honest and put it

out there and we can have the debate,

says that he believes that Prince George

almost looks too comfortable and that

what William and Catherine need to do is

what Princess Diana did with the

children and sort of introduce them a

little bit more to the real world. I

know it's a controversial one, but I'll

show you what he has to say first and

then get your response. Princess Ela,

>> I think that they have one challenge

with uh George. I mean, he looks a

wonderful little boy and a young man

now, but he looks a bit too comfortable,

I think, in these very testing times.

And I think one of the good things that

Diana did was to take her children out

into the rough and ready world. And I

hope that they do that with George, take

him to Middlesborough, to Stockton,

>> so he gets to see a bit more of the

world.

>> Exactly.

>> Is that a fair I I wouldn't say it was a

criticism. Is that a fair suggestion?

Oh, I'm sure behind the scenes he sees

it all. Um I'm sure his father and his

mother who are very good at all that

will have said it. It's not like he's

wrapped in cotton wool. Uh I suspect um

he know you know he okay he may not have

been on the front line about it but I'm

pretty sure that he will have been told

everything and will have seen quite a

lot. Also, there will be things that

they do with George that does not

luckily come up with the media. So, he

could easily have done things, soup

kitchens, god knows what, with his

mother. Um, and we just don't know about

it. But I think he looks like a charming

um 13-year-old child. Um, looks

attractive um and looks happy and

charming and which is what he should be

at the age of 13. Jenna,

>> when you were being raised around these

very privileged people, uh, what is the

way that parents can keep their feet on

the ground? What can be done?

>> Well, I I'm really sorry to say, Dan, I

was not raised in the normal way. I

didn't go to school. I was protected to

such an extent, I couldn't fart without

permission or blow my nose. Therefore,

um I'm not really the one to talk about

that because I was literally protected

in cotton wool.

>> Gosh, that's fascinating.

>> No school, none of that. And not and I

didn't mix with um a lot of a lot of

people till I got to till I was a

debutant 18. Oh, and I went to finishing

school.

>> But um no, so I really don't know what's

normal and what isn't. And the normal in

the 60s when I was brought up um you

know, when I was in my teens, okay, I

was born in 1950s.

gone up. Um,

uh, it was very different from what

normal is now.

>> Do you think respect,

>> do you think it is a good idea for him

to go to Eaton College where his father

and his uncle were educated?

>> Well, I don't know about the education

at Eaton these days. I'm pretty sure

that I was told that it the Chinese have

bought into it. Um, and it's mainly full

of foreigners, but I suspect the

education hasn't changed greatly. I was

sad to see that they perhaps perhaps

they no longer wear the tails um and the

top hats like they used to do when I

used to visit Eaton from Wakefield.

Um, it looks like they wear suits, but

it's probably as good a school as any

anywhere for to send your child.

um you know and Harrow whatever. I'm

sure Eaton and also uh William was happy

there. Oh, it's not like that he's

boarding. He's coming home, isn't he?

Or is he?

>> No, I think he is boarding, but

obviously it's so close to home. But

it's interesting. I I know someone who

has had their their baby boy, although

he's not a baby boy anymore and eaten

over the past year. And I was just

fascinated to know just how controlling

Eaton was in terms of the parents access

to the school. So even though William

and Catherine are very close by, it's

not the case that they can just bowl up

and pop in.

>> Oh god. Lord, no. You can't you can't

have that disrupts the child's um day

and and education. They have to stick

the child has to stick at it. Even I

know that who didn't go to school. Um

no, he's got to be focused and I'm sure

he will be. He looks like an intelligent

lad. Um, I'm sure he'll do well there.

>> Oh, we had quite a big moment earlier in

the week where Prince William stood in

for King Charles at the funeral of King

Harold of Norway. Now, Princess Anne

attended in a personal capacity

>> and there she is alongside William. But

do you feel like he is become that the

Prince of Wales is developing into his

role as a real statesman now?

>> I don't know about state statesman, but

he's doing a jolly good job, isn't it,

poor fellow?

>> I think so. There's a lot of pressure on

him, isn't there, with his father not

being so well.

>> And um No, at least he's got his aunt

there who's a a really sound woman.

I um Yeah. I know. I'm sure he'll be

fine. I think he's got drive and he can

see what the future holds. And none of

us none of us were that clairvoyant. But

the we just don't know, do we? I'm sure

he'll do fine.

>> Now, I do have to ask you about Princess

Anne because you grew up in similar

circles, I guess. Didn't you? Is she as

brilliant behind the scenes or was she

as brilliant and nononsense behind the

scenes as she seems in public?

>> I have to say I didn't know her well. We

met occasionally at Bulls in Scotland.

>> Um, we both dated the same man for a

very short period of time

>> in 1968.

>> Did you battle for him?

>> Not not exactly. And um she wasn't my

favorite person in those days

>> as she went on and you know then she she

she rode beautifully. Um she did well in

the Olympics and she had people used to

say bigger balls than her brothers

[laughter]

and um she's grown in the past 40 years.

She's become what she is and she is

brilliant. I mean I haven't seen her but

she is absolutely brilliant. those

children [snorts] and her grandchildren

fantastic and they're all so normal.

>> They really are. They really are. I love

Peter Phillips and uh Zara Tindle now

and I think they are a credit to her and

they do show absolutely

>> that you can do you can raise your

children within the royal family and

still be down to earth and still

encourage them to have a normal life

while critically not doing anything to

embarrass the family to shame.

>> Well, she would never she she'd never

embarrass the family. She was her

father's daughter and she was very close

to her mother and over the years she's

become there are looks about Princess

Anne that reminds me of the late queen

her mother. It's u you know it's just

she's great. She's a really really good

woman.

>> She really is. Okay, Princess Olga stand

by. We've got so much more to do to

discuss. Uh couple of things we've got

to get into.

Is it wrong that Prince Harry is now

calling up Princess Diana's friends

since his return to the UK specifically

in order to film them for this new

documentary he's plotting? That is a big

revelation. We're going to get into

that. And of course, I've got to ask

Princess if it's really true that her

mother tried to set her up with then

Prince Charles back in the day. So,

we'll get into all of that as the royal

uncancled after show continues. You can

come and join us over on Substack. The

address is www.outspoken.live

and the paid monthly and annual

subscribers. Do get full access to the

Royal Unceled after show with no

advertising whatsoever.

You can watch live or on demand,

whichever you prefer. We're a real

community there. I would love you to

join us at www.outspoken.live.

Dan Wilson Outspoken is your no spin, no

bias, no censorship outlet for

independent news. We have no big tech

backing or billionaires pulling my

strings, [music]

but that does mean I need your support.

So, please hit subscribe on YouTube,

turn on the notification bell, and

subscribe to Dan Morton Outspoken on

Spotify or Apple Podcasts. It's totally

free, but allows me to continue my

promise to always keep fighting for you.


