Breaking right now, a new crisis for

Buckingham Palace. In the past few

moments, the Daily Mail has released the

first serialization of this bombshell

book from Princess Diana's brother, Earl

Spencer. King Charles has been braced

for its release over many weeks, and

unfortunately, the news is not good. The

first line that the Daily Mail has just

dropped is that the king directly told

Charles Spencer, who remember gave that

famous eulogy at Diana's funeral, five

damning words. Rest assured, we'll

forget Diana soon. This was in a phone

call days after her death. Now, this

book of course comes at a disastrous

moment for King Charles who is

struggling to control the British royal

family after the return of Prince Harry

and Meghan Markle. But it is expected

that this book is going to be very bad

news. The king and Charles Spencer have

a longterm feud. Charles Spencer very

much on the side of Prince Harry and

Meghan Markle. But as I say, this

serialization is going to be the biggest

story in the country in the days to

come. It is arguably the biggest royal

book since Prince Harry's spare. And

these are the first words from the book.

I am learning of this at exactly the

same time as you. So, let's get into it.

A furious King Charles, or he was then,

Prince Charles, of course, told Earl

Spencer days after Princess Diana's

death, "Rest assured we'll forget her

soon enough." According to a devastating

memoir, in allegations that will send

shock waves through the royal family,

Charles Spencer's bombshell book to be

exclusively serialized in the Daily Mail

from tomorrow. So, this is just the

preview, folks, lifts the lid on an

incendiary row with the now king over

funeral arrangements. The argument

followed the decision opposed by Diana's

brother, the Earl, that Prince William

and Prince Harry, then aged 15 and 12,

would walk in their mother's memorial

procession.

The Earl says he insisted to the then

Prince of Wales that Diana would not

have wanted her young sons to endure

such a public ordeal. So, what he is

doing here is backing up Prince Harry's

version of events. Prince Harry has made

it clear that he believes that decision

for him to walk in procession alongside

William and Charles and also the late

Duke of Edinburgh was one of the reasons

that he has had mental health problems

for the rest of his life.

And the Mail reports it has claimed

Charles then questioned the Spencer

family's sense of duty before saying his

ex-wife, whose death sparked a global

outpouring of grief, would soon be

forgotten.

Spencer says the comments unleashed by

the king almost 30 years ago, reflected

his pent up contempt for Diana and his

horror that the world was so bowled over

by her death.

The astonishing account of the king's

alleged outburst is included in swang

song Diana my sister which Spence who is

62 says he has written to correct

untruths about his older sister. I mean

I would also argue uh he has written

this book to pay for a very expensive

divorce. The Daily Mail can disclose

that includes a string of further

extraordinary claims about Diana's

failed marriage to King Charles and the

tumultuous aftermath of her tragic death

in a car crash in Paris in 1997.

Revelations from the book are sent to

plunge Buckingham Palace into a fresh

storm just weeks after the dramatic

return of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex

and their children to the UK from

California. And there you can see the

Daily Mail is now touting this as a

world exclusive. a book they say so raw

and revealing it will shake the monarchy

and I do think whatever you think of

Earl Spencer quite clearly he is part of

this historic moment for the British

royal family again I do just want to

fact check though at the time of Diana's

death he was estranged from his sister

lots of people don't like to talk about

that but Earl Spencer had said that

Diana was not welcome him to stay at all

at a time when she was completely

desperate. So I do hope Spencer deals

with that because the Daily Mail

certainly isn't. They write of the

history on the September uh on September

the 6th, 1997, 6 days after Diana's

death, Spencer famously delivered a

defiant eulogy at her funeral that was

later named one of the greatest speeches

of the 20th century. His raw erration in

Westminster Abbey was delivered after he

walked alongside William and Harry as

well as Charles and Prince Philip behind

Diana's coffin in a funeral procession

through central London broadcast to 2.5

billion people worldwide. In his book,

Earl Spencer writes that when one of

Queen Elizabeth's most senior aids told

him in the days before the funeral that

William and Harry would take part in the

procession, he responded, "That's not

going to happen." But minutes later, he

received a phone call from Prince

Charles, who insisted that 18 years

earlier, he had walked in the funeral

procession of Lord Mount Batton, his

great uncle, who he affectionately

called Uncle Dicki. The memoir describes

how Charles went nuts after Earl Spencer

pointed out that the prince had been 30

at the time of Lord Mountbatton's

funeral in 1979. And let's be honest,

there is a big difference between 30 and

12, Harry's age. In one of the book's

most extraordinary passengers, uh,

passengers, excuse me, Spencer writes,

"Prince Charles continued his stream of

anger without interrupting me. Then he

stopped. I assumed the pause signaled an

effort to bring himself under control.

But then he unleashed down the phone

what I have always taken to be his

pentup contempt for Diana and his horror

that the world was so bowled over by her

death. Rest assured he hissed. We'll

forget her soon enough. El Spencer said

that he was so stunned by the alleged

remarks that he took a few seconds to

reply. I can't believe you just said

that, I said flatly before hanging up.

He writes, Earl Spencer's description of

the shocking outburst threatens to

reopen the wounds of the so-called war

of the Wales and Prince Charles's bitter

split and eventual divorce from Diana.

Described as historic and

extraordinarily moving, Swan Song is due

to be published worldwide next Tuesday

in the UK by Penguin Michael Joseph, a

division of Penguin Random House with

the Daily Mail exclusive serialization

starting tomorrow.

Okay. Well, let's get to the superstar

panel. Lois Perry and Dr. David Starky.

Now, Dr. Starky, uh, you lived through

all of this. Mainstream media lying to

you again. Get the real story here. Dan

was an outspoken. No spin, no bias, no

censorship. Subscribe for free and let's

go.

>> Uh, you

>> I commented it. I commented on it all

for CBS. It is as yesterday.

>> Uh, I remember that morning uh of the

death, I was one of the very few people

appearing in front of a television

camera who was also wearing a pair of

trousers. Um, we'd [laughter] all been

roused from our beds at impossible hours

in the morning. Um,

I think that again, most of us were

surprised

by the reaction to Diana's death.

Remember, Diana

seemed to have fallen a long way from

the peak of her popularity. She was

going around with a rather seedy Arab,

you know, dirtified and whatever. Um the

the Daily Mail was brutal uh at that

time in its portrayal of her. Let's

again talk truth. Uh there were signs of

aging, you know, too much exposure to

sun. Um uh too much time spent on

Mediterranean yachts. And yet something

very very extraordinary happened on that

day. Uh, and this I mean I remember

vividly at the end of the day in a taxi

cab uh coming and I'd been dozens and

dozens of TV stations and there was a

taxi driver who just said, "I know who

you are. I've been watching you. Um,

explain something to me.

I've just come on duty and I had my

daughter come down in floods and floods

of tears. And I said to her, "What the

are you crying for?" And she said, "Oh,

oh, oh,

she's dead. She's dead. What the?

There's nobody dead in our family." Oh,

yes, there is. She was part of our

family. And it was this extraordinary it

was I think it was a moment of national

delusion. I think it's comparable to

those moments like Black Lives Matter

when an extraordinary burst of emotion

took over the entire country. Uh the um

it's it's described uh by Lord McCauley,

the great Victorian historian, uh in

terms which I think you Dan will

probably get cross about, but we can

argue there is nothing as ridiculous as

the British public in one of its

periodic fits of morality. Well, I was

going to say I totally disagree

>> in the moral but the important thing is

the morality play is of course it

demanded a villain. Diana became a

goddess.

>> Who was the villain?

>> Goddesses sacrificing Diana the huntress

and Charles had to become the villain.

And the person who did most to turn him

into the villain was exactly Earl

Spencer, who uh in that extraordinary

speech uh portrayed him as this monster.

Of course, he'd already been villainized

with the with with with the whole

business of, you know, want wanting to

be reincarnated as as as as part of part

of

>> Don't say it, David.

>> Please don't say it. No, I'm not.

>> We know. We know [laughter]

>> partate

>> part part part of Camila's um

contraceptive equipment, you know, that

extraordinary moment. Um

but it was the it was this popular

madness. And it's not only the king who

got it wrong. Sorry, it's not only

Charles who got it wrong. Remember the

queen spectacularly got it wrong. They

they thought they thought the right

thing was to write it out and then they

had to realize that this and it's the

first I think it's really the first time

in British history again um Dan all the

things we've been criticizing

remember this is the beginning of this

this is the beginning of Blair this is

the beginning of the Blair years

something changed and that vast moment

as I said of of uh of uh popular

morality, this vast rush of blood to the

head fundamentally changed how we

behaved and um I do not think that the

the the the whole cumulative effect of

the Blair years would have been possible

without that rules were broken. Um

habits, you know, stiff stiff upper lip

literally died that morning. Um, I

exaggerate, but but I think there are

moments in history where you can

actually see things things really do

turn on a pin's head and that was one of

them.

>> Yeah. And I remember you were

criticizing at the time for making for

making some of those points.

>> Sorry, just finish. What did you want?

What what I was going to say is that

that that but equally we've now got to

see that what uh what Charles Spencer is

doing as you said uh is paying for is it

the third or the fourth count the fourth

now

>> I have I have rather lost track by the

way when I was last in South Africa I

met the first countess who was the most

charming and beautiful woman I have ever

even I noticed how beautiful she

[laughter] was um which takes a great

deal of effort I can tell you except she

made none at all not a not a patch of

makeup on her face. But what he's doing

is he is deliberately restoing those

embers. Um, and again, uh, I think the

his identification with Harry and Megan,

uh, if that's what he's doing, if that's

the game that he's playing, will be it

will sell a book, but it will be

profoundly foolish both for him and for

Harry and Megan. Um he remember my view

is and I think your view is too Harry

and Megan are an enormous lead weight

now. They they they too have become an

irrelevance and an absurdity

>> but a problem for King Charles. Would

you agree?

>> Well, not a huge one. I don't I mean

there's a minority there's a minority of

people who care very passionately about

Harry and Megan. And you know what's

really interesting? a very large part of

the black establishment that appeared

that you know played a very important

part in trying to shape the narrative

after the uh death of Jason Aday the uh

the the fictional not quite fictional

the self-fanticizing

Cambridge professor of education they

again operate as a kind of cheerleader

for Meghan Markle on essentially racial

or racist grounds and it's important we

understand that Um, and some of that may

come up, but again, Charles Spencer

would be the bizarest cheerleader for

such a thing. Um,

>> few few things to pick up on. I do want

to talk about the racism angle because

Don Lemon, this American black

broadcaster is trying to stoke it now,

saying that the reason that we are

talking about Megan in this way is

because she is black, even though she's

actually not black and never described

herself as black. and that Camila we

should never that we forgave Camila

because she's white. But I'm going to

come to that in just one second. But

beforehand, Lois, I just want to say I

was 14 years old when Princess Diana

died and it was one of those seminal

moments. And it's not that I disagree

actually with Dr. Starky and saying it

changed us. But I also believe that the

outpouring of love and affection towards

her was completely genuine. This does

happen a few times in one's life. You

know, you could say it happened to

America after the assassination of John

F. Kennedy. And so for me, while Diana

was clearly a flawed individual, she was

special. She was special. And so that's

why I think this book is going to

matter. And the question is, Lois, at a

time when actually a lot of the British

public, can we just be honest about it,

turning against King Charles for a whole

load of reasons? his his sort of

decision to bring Harry and Megan back

without any actual push back, his

decision to go for the defender of the

faiths and seemingly care more about

Islam than Christianity. Look, there's a

whole load of reasons, right, why at the

moment the British public are not

exactly loving King Charles even though

we feel sorry for him because he's got

this terminal cancer battle going on.

How damaging is this going to be that he

said, "Rest assured, we'll forget Diana

soon enough. Will this stick, Lois?

But first, I've noticed something since

hitting my 40s. I genuinely don't need

to drink very much anymore for me to

notice it the following day. Do you know

what I mean? You go out for dinner, have

a couple of drinks, not excessive, I

promise. Yet, the next morning, I'm

thinking, why do I feel like I have lost

half a day here? So, I'm more conscious

about what I drink now. But it's also

why I was skeptical when I first tried

Cheers because there are so many

products that make enormous promises

about how you're going to feel the next

morning. But what surprised me actually

having taken these little beauties. They

smelled very good. Trust me, uh was that

the next day I actually noticeably felt

more like myself. Sharper, more switched

on, uh ready to get on with the day.

It's not that I want something that

encourages me to drink more. I want

something that fits around drinking

responsibly and helps me feel better the

following day. As alcohol leaves your

system, your brain can go into what's

called a rebound. Cheers contains DHM,

which helps buffer that rebound while

you sleep. I take uh Restore after my

last drink or before I go to bed. And if

you want to try it, uh the great news is

you can get 20% off your entire order

right now at cheersalth.com

using the code outspoken. Their promise

is that you wake up feeling at least 50%

better or you get your money back. So

just head right now to cheersalth.com.

Use the code outspoken. I will put a

link in the description box below the

show. But now back to it.

>> Well, um I was just 16 when Diane had

died and I actually I I would I I was

staying um at my at my dad's house. I'd

just been to the Glastonbury Festival um

to celebrate my birthday. So that the

whole thing did seem extraordinarily

uh surreal at the time. Yeah. That there

was something about Diana that appealed

to people that felt that they'd been

victimized or oppressed. There were

things that she did which were

extraordinary to be honest. Uh that the

hugging of the HIV and AIDS patients

that the highlighting various different

things, but she was also

a flawed character as as all of us are.

She was not perfect and she did want to,

I actually believe, do as much damage as

she possibly could to the royal family.

She was a liability. Um, I don't like

Spencer. Um, there had been various

unproven allegations uh said uh that he

were triggered her um eating disorder by

calling her constantly fat, that he had

been even inappropriate with her when uh

when they were children. There was all

sorts of things. They were estranged.

Um, so I'm I'm taking what he's saying

with a pinch of salt. I would like to

make

>> I'm sure he denies that, by the way, but

it will be interesting.

>> I'm sure he does. But what I'm saying is

there's lots of allegations and things

that Diana had said and the reports and

things like that. I'm just saying that I

don't think necessarily that his word is

particularly gospel. Um but yeah, but

what I will say just one point, those

boys had to walk behind her coffin. She

was their mother. Yeah, she was she was

their mother. And and what the problem

is, they couldn't have had William

without Harry, right? And they and they

and Harry had to do it as well. And he

would have he would have spent the rest

of his life regretting it if he had done

it.

>> Very good point. Okay. So I just want to

come to this Don Lemon issue. Uh so so

because you raised this issue of racism

and this is what people even now in

America are trying to stoke Dr. Starky.

So I want to show you how Don Lemon set

up set up this claim. This is new.

The royal family has demonstrated an

almost supernatural ability to

rehabilitate people. Okay. So Camila,

let's let's think about this. Okay.

Camila has been given a second chance.

Think about it. This was the woman

forever associated in the public

imagination. We thought forever

associated in the public imagination

with the collapse of Charles and Diana's

marriage. Remember, she was roundly

hated. I know she was hated here in the

United States and I believe that in

Britain as well. And not just any woman,

Princess Diana, Harry's mother, one of

the most beloved women in modern

history. There was a time when the idea

of Camila being crowned queen would have

sounded like a Saturday Night

Live sketch. And what's the difference?

According to Don Lemon,

it's that Camila is white.

So apparently redemption exists, but

just not for Harry and Megan, the

private citizens, but it exists for the

white woman who uh was a mistress and

broke up a marriage and is now queen.

But Megan and Harry have some somehow

done something that is so horrible, that

is unforgivable that the press and the

British people cannot forgive her

especially or Harry. So maybe it's time

that we ask that uncomfortable question.

Does Britain have a problem with Megan

or is the problem with her race? because

they're not giving her the same grace as

they give other horrible people or

people who have done horrible things

including cheating and breaking up

marriages.

>> David Staki, your response to Don Lemon.

Oh well, I mean this is the worst form

of race baiting and uh but unfortunately

there are voices like that here and

again as the Aday affairs showed

unfortunately a very large part of what

you could call the black establishment

those who are heads of Cambridge

colleges professors uh in other

universities and so on immediately take

up the racebased line and it is one of

the most terrible things that's happened

I think to Brit Britain. You remember we

all led by Martin Luther King, you were

making American references, hoped we

would go into a race world and instead

the latest development of black

consciousness did precisely the

opposite. The left now is as racebased

and as race conscious as a partite South

Africa, except it just does it the other

way around. Black good, white bad. Um

and uh this is why I think we have seen

a revival of overt racism. And this is

the paradox. It comes from the left. It

comes from the non-white section of the

population. I mean it comes from the

leading voices in in the academic world

like pim puma gold pilot Cambridge and

whatever the one you know white people

do not matter as whites. White lives do

not matter as white. Um, it is

fundamentally racist. It's just a mirror

racism. In other words, bringing the

whole discussion fully round, Dan. Yes.

>> What's happened with race is exactly

what's happened with things like uh

equality, with things like um uh the

whole business of human rights. We've

stood good words on their head. We've

turned them upside down. And until we

change the laws which have done that,

we're in this terrible world in which

black is white and white is black and

and uh uh laws are designed allegedly uh

to protect human rights are used to

suppress freedom of speech in which

equality is inequality because the only

group of people who are not protected

are white middle-class males, straight

of course, and so on. you know, and and

the the kind of I mean, if you listen to

that man, that carefully scripted

cynical malice, cuz that's what it is.

It's%

>> And and by the way, I I would just make

I would just make the point too, uh I

actually question whether Camila has

been forgiven. If you actually look at

the polling, the mainstream media may

have forgiven him, forgiven her, the

British public haven't really. But look,

do stand by because we're going to

reveal today's Greatest Britain and

Union Jackass. First, I just want to get

to your super chats though. Thank you to

MS Coral Jade who says, "Dan Morton is

fighting for us. Promise said, promise

kept its way. We watch you." So

appreciate that. Uh Gregory Irving 6712

says, "Drilling oil waver it under

national security." Uh Steven Garner

8525 says, "The BBC is the enemy within

Capricorn Moon. Rory is a wet wipe. He

needs Alistister Campbell to be his

bodyguard." And very important point

from Kerry as girl after the very sad

news today. God bless no I feared. That

would be the scenario. Heartbreaking

such a little life on this earth. A

reminder of our union jackass nominees.

David Starky nominated the

aforementioned Rory Stewart. Lois Perry

went for Angela Rainer and I went for

Nicola Sturgeon. Here are the results.

Scheming Sturgeon with 10%. Rory Stewart

with 35% but Lois Perry is the big

winner. Angela Rainer is today's worst

Britain in the world with 55% of the

vote. So Lois, I'm going to give you

given you've won the opportunity to

nominate our greatest Britain today. Who

have you gone for?

>> Well, I'm going to go for Tim Mcnal who

is the chairman of the parish council in

Diddington. Sorry, Pittington. Um he is

just an absolute hero as I say. Don't

mess with Middle England. So, so

obviously Andy Burnham is trying to

cause pro um not just racial disharmony,

not just everything disharmony, but

actually class disharmony. That's what

he's really really doing with this. And

uh it's actually sort of backfired

because um the people of Pittington are

not having it. And good for Tim

Mcnulling. He's standing up for his

people, for his village, and um voting

to leave the United Kingdom. So, is it

the uh the independent republic of

Pittington? But are they still going to

have a a royal family? Uh there are

things that he needs to be thinking

about now. I think

>> Lois Perry, who is of course the head of

the Heartland Institute in the UK and

Europe. Dr. David Starky, who among so

many other things, is the host of Dr.

David Starky Talks on YouTube, which I

highly recommend you subscribe to. Thank

you both so much. A brilliant superstar

panel on a big big day of news. Dan

Watson outspoken is your no spin, no

vias, no censorship outlet for

independent news. We have no big tech

backing or billionaires pulling my

[music] strings. But that does mean I

need your support. So please hit

subscribe on YouTube, turn on the

notification bell, and subscribe to Dan

Outspoken on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.

It's totally free, but allows me to

continue my promise to always keep

fighting for you.


