It's my view that Harry is a bully. He

has a massive chip on his shoulder.

The rot has set in. It's actually melted

his brain. [music]

But he's also insanely vindictive.

Harry's cruel streak. Do you heal? No,

you tend to fester. Everything she has

done has been an unmitigated disaster.

[music] Now, no one is calling her. They

had to move back. So, for her, this is

the last chance corral. People don't

want to be near her. She's a disaster.

Meghan is pathologically transactional.

Everything happens for a reason with

Meghan. Nothing, Paula, is by accident.

I just wonder whether what bonds them is

not affection or love, but codependence.

They need each other because alone

they've got nothing.

They are the hero in their own warped

story.

There's a There's a reason why Chelsy

Davy left him. There's a reason why

[music] his other girlfriends left him.

He didn't leave them.

What is the reason why they left him?

Yikes, the king dumps Harry. This is a

truly shocking story for the Duke of

Sussex, whose hopes of making himself

part of the royal family have gone up in

smoke following the release of a

brutally cold statement signed off by

King Charles making it painfully clear

that Harry has no official role, that

he's in no way connected to the firm,

and that he's not part of the royal

family. Let's get reaction from one of

the most respected journalists in the

royal space. I'm delighted to welcome

Paula Froelich from Paula Froelich

Uncensored, which is on YouTube and

Substack. She's, of course, one of the

most important people at NewsNation as

well. Hi, Paula.

Hello, friend. How are you? What a day.

>> What a day. Paula, what is your reaction

to this statement signed off by the

King? What does it mean?

>> I think it means that the King is trying

to tell Harry that no matter what he

says to People magazine or the Telegraph

that the Sandringham agreement still

holds. And that yes, of course, he's a

British citizen. You can move back here.

You can of course do charitable work.

That's fine. Plenty of non-royals do

that. However, he cannot have his HRH

and he will not be seen as an HRH

and the palace is not signing off on

anything. And so anyone who wants to be

a part of Harry's charitable endeavors

must realize it is not a royal endeavor.

So

it's interesting. I think he could have

gone a little further because right now

Harry, as you and I know, Mark likes to

put things out there and then jam it

through. So as you know, I call this the

days of our Cotswolds lives. And what I

think what Harry and Meghan have been

doing for the past, I don't know, 3

years, 4 years is putting their

storyline out there and then trying to

jam it through into the actual

eventuality of what is happening. And of

course, this is what happened when they

moved back.

But the issue is if Charles does not

take them off the website and formally

remove the HRH, they have a problem.

Because you and I both know Harry and

Meghan use the HRH privately. We've seen

it in her letters to her erstwhile

friend Jamie Kern Lima. HRH Meghan,

Duchess of Sussex. And so what's the

problem? Just get rid of it. Make it

official. No more HRH. Get off the royal

website if you are indeed not royal.

Goodbye.

>> Well, you are so right about that

because Harper's Bazaar revealed in an

interview with Meghan that

when the journalist was waiting to meet

her,

somebody comes into the room that the

room's empty and her arrival is

announced, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex.

And the reality for the King and for the

royal family is that as long as Harry

and Meghan can be fake royals,

counterfeit royals, as long as Archie

and Lilly are prince and princess, as

long as they are Duke and Duchess, there

is a problem. They will seek to intrude

on the royal brand.

>> Yep. They will. And I mean, here's the

deal. They opted for a Zara and Mike

Tindall approach. We want to be private.

We want to do our own thing. Okay, okay,

cool. Well, then go do it.

But with Daddy allowing them to keep

their titles,

it's a problem. It really is. It just

needs to be because you and I both know

that what Meghan and Harry want, they

try to get. To paraphrase Harry's

yammering to Angela Kelly.

And it it it it is a problem because

they will just keep going. Now, they've

come back. Harry has said, "I'm going to

be doing more charity." Over the

weekend, Meghan announced via The

Telegraph and The Times and whatnot that

she was also going to be reconnecting

with the royal charities that she

been a part of and that she hadn't quite

let go even though, of course, the one

about getting women ready for the

workplace, she hasn't done anything

except for a pre-recorded video in the

last 6 years.

So, this is all an attempt, Mark, to

whitewash their reputation because you

and I both know, again, the easiest way

to whitewash your own reputation if your

name means mud is to rely on charity and

be like, "Look, you do such good work.

Oh my gosh, they're such nice people."

>> And it's not. It's the ultimate cover.

Charity is the ultimate cover for a

couple that have no purpose, no job, and

no positive public profile. They are

using

the philanthropy to boost and prop up

their failing brand, which is of course

why the UK return happened because the

Sussexes failed in the United States.

Now, it's interesting, Paula, that you

say that Harry

tries to force things through, that he

rams things through. I agree. It's my

view that Harry is a bully and quite a

cruel man. I think he's not a very nice

man. I don't think that you can argue

that he is after the book Spare and the

traitorous Oprah interview. But, it's

interesting that you use that word

rammed, and I think maybe what he tried

to do on his UK return is to force the

King's hand

and effectively tear up that Sandringham

agreement, get himself half in, half

out. And this appears, Paula, to be the

King growing a backbone and saying,

"Actually, no."

>> Yes, I agree with that. I wish he would

grow a little bit more of a backbone and

say, "You're off the website, the HRH is

gone." Okay.

>> And also, by the way, can we throw in

Duke and Duchess of Sussex should go as

well?

>> Obviously.

>> And you may need an act of Parliament,

and you may need a letters patent. I

don't care. I don't care how much

parliamentary time it takes, Paula,

because the issue I've got is Harry and

Meghan as fake royals can continue to

damage the monarchy.

>> You're you're you're a little bit wrong

on that one, Mark, because look how

easily it what easy it was for the King

to get rid of Andrew's titles.

Just wrote a letter. And that actually

freaked out Harry and Meghan the most.

When I believe that that is when they

were serious about maybe we should go

back cuz our titles really are in

trouble. And when they saw how easy it

was because of course letters patent act

of Parliament that takes time. You can

do all blah blah.

Well, it didn't take time. It literally

took Charles going hold on. Mhm. No

more.

>> And I think you're right. I I think

you're right. On a point of order, it's

very true that Andrew ceased to be Duke

of York

with a swipe of King Charles's pen. So

you're absolutely right about that.

I might be wrong. Correct me if I'm

wrong, but I think that Andrew still is

char H, but that he's agreed not to use

it.

>> I am not the person to ask on that.

Andrew Lownie would be the question.

However,

>> He's definitely lost Duke of York and

therefore there's no reason why Harry

couldn't cease to be Duke of Sussex

tomorrow.

>> Mhm. Exactly. So I think that's one of

the reasons they moved back. Now,

I was told by a very good friend of King

Charles's that and this is not in a

popular popular thing to say, but you

know, sometimes

it's not popular. And he said that King

Charles was actually shocked that they

moved back so quickly. Wham bam, thank

you, ma'am. And that

you know, I know that people say, well,

he encouraged them to. I think the

encouragement was

I'd like to see the grandkids more. It's

been so nice. This would be great to do

this again. Now, you and I hear oh,

that's being polite. He does want to see

his grandkids more. Harry and Meghan

hear get back here now. You know, so I

think uh you everyone knows that one

sentence can be heard 10 different ways.

But I do know that Charles was not

expecting that and that to happen so

fast.

>> Woah. So your royal source that's close

to the king

has said that the man was not expecting

this sudden UK return, that Harry didn't

tell his own father he was coming back?

>> No, not to live permanently. Even though

at first they said it's not permanent,

now it's permanent. What? No, you know,

it's

They will they as we've seen the

recollections vary. I think their

hearing also varies as well.

>> Does that make King Charles feel to be

so generous as to meet Harry last

September at Clarence House? I was

reporting right outside Clarence House.

It's a miracle, Paula, I wasn't moved on

by security because I'm a bit of a noisy

character, but I was in front of

Clarence House. In fact, I think at one

point Charles opened the window and

said, "Mr. Doolan, could you please

quieten down a little here? Trying to

have a conversation with my spoiled brat

son, you see." Anyhow,

so I was at Clarence House in September

and at the time I said, "Folks, the king

is a kindly man, but misguided and

irredeemably weak. And what he's going

to do with Harry is feed the monster of

Harry's ego. Give this guy an inch,

he'll take a mile." That's your point,

that Harry forces people's hand, he rams

things through,

leverages the kids, access the grandkids

to get close to Charles.

Then we had Highgrove House, which again

Paula, was so generous on the part of

the king

to see

Harry and to welcome Meghan back into a

royal property after

her shocking and abusive behavior to the

family.

So, the king is obviously, you know,

extended the hand of friendship and this

is how he's repaid with an unannounced

return? How does that make the king

feel?

>> I can imagine he's frustrated, but the

other thing is that I think everyone

should pay attention to is Charlotte

Griffith's reporting that Harry is still

the angry guy that he was in 2020. That

really nothing has changed and in fact,

I would suggest that he's even a little

bit more bitter because he felt like

people kind of abandoned him. He was

lonely. He was When you're when you're

already angry and embittered and you're

left alone in a huge house in Montecito,

do you heal? No, you tend to fester. And

so he's come back and he's still saying,

I think I'm owed an apology because God

forbid he should actually look at what

he did and his own behavior. And I also

think he moved back for several reasons.

Number one, I think he knows that when

William is king, things are going to be

different. Now, we've already had little

drops from Harry's camp into the

mainstream press saying things like,

well, you know, William's going to look

awfully bitter and not like, you know,

not forgiving and like a cold hard man

if he doesn't at least be in the same

room as Harry and all this other crap.

And you know, so this is how Harry is

once again forcing that to the fore.

But you know what?

He hasn't changed and I also don't think

he changed from before he met Meghan. I

think it was always boiling and bubbling

in the

>> Yeah, I mean our mutual friend Angela

Levin uh Paula told me on this show that

Harry has always had a notorious temper.

He's always been an angry man and he's

incapable

of self-reflection.

>> Well, and also with a massive chip on

his shoulder.

So one of the reasons why he's so

adamant about Meghan and you know, and

her titles and the kids and their

titles.

>> He's so protective of Meghan, isn't he?

>> Right, but it's also very much it's look

at look at the Duke of Windsor, for

example. Look at Andrew Mountbatten-

Windsor. All of the spares-

>> Do I have to look at Andrew

Mountbatten-Windsor? I was enjoying my

day. I'm about to have dinner, Paula. Do

I have to look at Andrew

Mountbatten-Windsor?

>> You've got a stronger stomach than that

doll and I know.

>> girlfriends.

>> God, doesn't he just look

>> anyhow, you were saying-

>> breasts?

>> You were saying oh, I bet you. You were

saying look at the Duke of Windsor, look

at Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor.

>> Most of the I'm sorry, most the spares

and even though the Duke of Windsor was

not originally the spare, he

made himself the spare. The spares are

very angry that they feel they are

treated differently and that their wives

are treated differently and their wives

become part of their own ego and their

id, right? So, Harry is saying how dare

you do this to me and my children and my

wife and they are fighting for what he

thinks is his birthright and it's not.

It's William's birthright and frankly,

if you really wanted to do this, go pull

a Zara and go get your own damn job. In

fact, the only spares are the kids I

mean, there are spares in each family.

You know, when you have a title, whether

it's

Duke or Earl or count whatever,

there are spares because only the head

eldest child is going to get that title.

So, all the other spares are like, well,

I guess I better get a job. Thanks.

>> Well, yeah.

>> Not here.

>> Not not here and before we get back to

this extraordinary statement signed off

by King Charles and his constitutional

team is absolutely unexpected and quite

devastating. Just on Harry, the worst

thing you can do to a man, I think,

Paula, is to deprive him of a job.

Because if a man works, he has purpose,

he has dignity, he has identity. Are we

seeing the consequences of Harry being

unemployed effectively on and off for

the last

5, 6 years? And the rot the rot has set

in, it's actually melted his brain. Cuz

what I'm hearing Paula, is that when he

was in Montecito, he was just at the

mansion getting drunk with his

bodyguards.

>> Yes.

Yes.

>> Not much of a life, is it?

>> No, no. And the other thing is

But you have to would take issue with

how you use the word work, okay? So,

Harry needs a schedule and previously

his schedule was, right, here's what

you're going to do today, here's the

hands you're going to shake, the babies

you're going to kiss, and then

you can do XYZ. And you know, for us,

that is okay. And yes, it is a form of

work. But it is not exactly taxing, if

you will. Unless you're hungover and you

can't, you know, you're just like, oh

god, I have to put a smile on, help me.

>> And let's not forget Harry is famous for

his hangovers whilst on royal duty.

>> Mhm.

Exactly. So, I guess that's where he

gets his hard work from. But he never

understood because once you're in the

protection of the palace, somebody else

organizes all the charity. Somebody else

organizes all these meet and greets.

They organize who can contribute to your

charity because you don't want that

scumbag who just got out of jail or who

may be going to jail to be at the head

table. And Harry doesn't know how to do

any of that. All he knows is how to show

up and be like, hello, mate. Hi, how are

you? But he's also insanely vindictive.

I mean, look at what happened with

Sentebale. Now, beyond the fact that

there was the blow-up with Sophie

Choudry, then he announced this year

that he was going to put his portion of

Diana's charity money to elephants

rather than orphans with AIDS

at Sentebale. So, he could have said,

"I'm the bigger man, and while I'm still

not involved in this charity, I these

children still have AIDS, they are still

orphans, they are still immeasurably

poor, and that is what I believe in."

Nope, "I'm going to elephants where

they're going to name baby elephants

after Lily and Archie." So, that to me

is is pretty lousy.

It's

>> I agree. You You exposed, Paula,

Harry's cruel streak because

we are only talking about a few thousand

dollars that were going to Sentebale,

but the messaging, the optics of taking

money away from poor kids and sick kids

and giving it to the elephants is

absolutely wild.

>> Mhm. But, also the thing is, Mark, yes,

it might have only been about 10,000

pounds or something around then. So, for

most people, that's like, "Oh, it's only

10,000 pounds. The guy is like a

gazillionaire."

However, think of how much good that

could have done.

>> Well, it's

it's months of medical treatment for a

kid battling HIV.

>> It's actually months for all of the

kids. And it's also many books, it's

many education, it's it's just Here's

the deal. He walked away from Sentebale

6, 7 years ago. So, he's saying that he

didn't and that it was only after he was

having this fight with Sophie, but no,

it's not true. He hadn't been there, he

hadn't really done anything. All of his

friends were being very well paid, and

so of course, they all loved it and made

them all look good. But you know who

didn't look good in person were these

kids, or the campus, or anything on the

ground.

>> It's crazy. Now, I want to get back to

this statement in 1 second, but we're on

the charity

>> Please do.

>> topic at the moment, and and I want to

stay there for just a moment because of

the significant news that surfaced over

the weekend, and another good friend of

ours, Roya Nikkhah, the

royal editor of The Sunday Times. I've

known Roya for years. She's really,

really nice lady. But I think she's been

the victim of Sussex propaganda cuz

she's put out this piece on Sunday, and

it's all about how Meghan is going to,

like you said earlier, reconnect with

her UK charities. Now, it's one thing,

Paula,

for Harry to be the philanthropist,

right? That his identity is Invictus and

WellChild and all the other the little

soldiers charity, you know. So, Harry

can be kind of, you know, the official

Mr. Nice Guy,

TM registered trademark.

But isn't it a problem for the Sussexes

if suddenly Meghan's like, "Well, now I

I I

I'm also the charity person, too."

At which point you have to ask, does

anyone have a job? Is anyone going to

work? Does anyone have any plans of

making money?

>> Well, this is her plan at making money.

I mean, first of all, she has to clean

up her reputation before anyone will

have anything to do with her again, and

businesswise. But also, I don't think

I'm going to disagree with you on Roya

Nikkhah because Roya Nikkhah did a news

story, and she is a not an opinion

writer. She is a news reporter, and when

somebody gives you what they would like

to do, she put it out there, and we

should all pay attention.

>> Well, you're right about that because

even if it is Sussex propaganda, we need

to see it. We need to understand it. We

need to break it down.

>> But also, you need to understand We all

need to understand that this is what

they want to do. And so, everything that

they do from this point on will be to

try to ram that square peg into a round

hole. And everything that they do next

will be to do this. And now they're

picking charity because of course

they're going to be like, "How could

anybody say charity is a bad thing? I'm

trying to be a good person." Now, Meghan

will also say, "I've been doing this for

years. I worked with the UN." By the

way, any Tom, Dick, and Harry celebrity,

and I use that term very loosely, can

work with the UN. The UN is the biggest

star effort organization I have ever

come across.

>> They'll take anyone.

>> And also, look at her ire and anger

towards UN Women because, you know, she

didn't get the role that she wanted or

something ridiculous.

>> That's right. That was all detailed in

Tom Bower's book, wasn't it? That she

fell out with with uh that part of uh

that that program within the UN because

she didn't have the star billing.

>> Well, and also part of her issue on the

Fiji tour, wasn't it? Through the

market. One of the reasons why she got

angry is because UN Women was there and

she didn't want to be with them. You

know, it's very much she's trying to do

charity for, in my mind, a cynical

purpose, as many people do. Again, it's

a whitewash of a reputation. But she

doesn't really enjoy it. Look at her

walk in

Australia. Here's the issue. Being a

royal is actually taking on a

professional charitable role. So, as

she's out there shaking hands, meeting

people, and she's heard to say, "I can't

believe I'm not getting paid for this."

Well, sweetheart, that's what happens in

charity. You don't actually get a check

at the end of it. You're supposed to be

donating your time. And so, we know that

she doesn't like to do things without a

paycheck attached. So,

I think that this is a manipulation to

try to get the paycheck attached.

>> This is why I cannot miss a syllable of

your show and your articles for

NewsNation because it's not just the

in-depth journalism but the absolutely

spot-on opinion. And what you're saying

is something that I've been sort of

stumbling towards much less elegantly

than you over several months, which is

that Meghan is pathologically

transactional. So, nothing happens. A

photo drop on Instagram, a remark at a

press conference,

any kind of public appearance,

allying herself to a charity, starting a

new venture, everything happens for a

reason with Meghan. Nothing, Paula, is

by accident.

>> Yeah.

But also the other issue is, Mark,

whatever she does, will the outfit be

sold through her trauma closet on one

off? So, then she'll get some money.

>> Can I just say I bought I bought three

of her tear-stained blouses and they

suit me very well.

>> Oh, boy.

Oh, boy. I guess it's that swimmer's

build that you can wear women's clothes.

>> to tell you that it was a little snug

when I first tried it on, so I did keto

for a week and I'm fine. I'm good to go.

>> Dear Lord.

I actually

>> to the Ozempic. What do you think? Am I

ready? Is it time for Dolan's gone the

Ozempic, Paula?

>> I don't know because I have to tell you

there's not much to spare there.

I just think, what are you going to do?

It's different build. She's got boobs,

you don't. What can you do? But

hopefully you'll cut that out. But the

thing is,

yeah, it's just she always has something

else. The machinations are always going.

It's very Fergie-like. I mean, look at

Fergie, right? And how she created all

these different charities. And all the

different charities were and it's

depends on what the charities are and if

they create another because of course

Archwell is now philanthropy is not a

foundation, so it has a dubious tax

bracket where you don't actually have to

put out exactly where the money went.

And in fact, you know, we're tick-tock

awaiting the next the next drop of tax

info any day now.

But,

it's very interesting to see how she

will try to move into something

commercial because again, as they tried

to remind us over the years, they got

bills to pay.

>> Well, they most definitely do, and Harry

has this rather indulgent idea that he's

just going to be the charity guy. Well,

someone's got to pay the bills, and

that's maybe where I can offer a note of

sympathy for Megs that she's the

breadwinner. I don't know why. I can't

understand why Harry can't get himself a

proper job. Paula, and I keep promising

to come back to this extraordinary

development, this intervention by the

King, but let's close let's close this

chapter on this part of it before we get

back to that statement. And and I want

to ask you this,

which is it's my view, and it's been my

view since this shock royal return. I

was in America when the story broke with

you. We went out for drinks in New York

City, of course.

A night to remember on the boat, and you

didn't know that I'm very seasick and

I'm afraid of Somalian pirates, but we

were on this restaurant boat. I had a

great time.

>> That's true. And by the way, no Somalian

pirates in New York, and your sons also

had a great time. It was it was fun, and

I also get a little seasick, but you

know what? We both powered through. It

was the best view in New York.

>> Well, actually, I'll be honest, full

disclosure, it wasn't the water. It

wasn't the motion of the ocean. I was

dizzy in your company.

Now, Paula, so we were in America, we

were both stateside at the time this

news broke. I was actually just before

we we hooked up before we met in New

York, I was in I think I was in Moab,

Utah when the story broke, and I thought

it was fake news. I thought somebody had

photoshopped a front page. It was our

good friend Matt Wilkinson, royal editor

of The Sun that broke the story

alongside a Telegraph and it said Harry

and Meghan return to the UK. I couldn't

believe it. I was like, is this April

Fools? But I just want to ask you

closing this part of our conversation.

It's my view that this UK return is a

win for Harry because he comes home and

he was very isolated and unhappy in

California. And that it is a categorical

disaster for Meghan. I can't find any

positives for Meghan. Am I missing

something?

>> No. Here's the problem. If everything

they had done had been a huge Let's just

Let's just recreate history, okay? Let's

say their Spotify gig had been amazing.

Okay? And they were not called effing

grifters and that both of them had

podcasts that came out once a week and

all of their Netflix stuff had been

hits.

Would they be back in the UK right now?

And no, they would be being feted by

Hollywood. They would then be able to

come back to They They would come back

to the UK but not to live. They would

come back to the UK to rub people's

faces in it and then come back. But no,

everything she has done has been an

unmitigated disaster. But the other big

issue is you have nobody supporting her.

Her former best friend Beyoncé

is in London. Are they hanging out? They

are not.

Now, no one is calling her. They had to

move back. So for her, this is the last

chance corral.

>> Do you think that this was Meghan's

choice because it's always been my view,

Paula,

that Meghan wears the trousers in that

relationship as well as the tear-stained

blouses, of which I've got three. But,

I've always thought, Paula, that Meghan

called the shots. Has that changed?

>> Some people are saying it has.

And I think she wasn't forced to go

along with this. I think she realized

about a year ago

that things were not going well. I think

ever since the beginning of this year,

you know, last year, it's 2026 now. 2025

was a her annus horribilis, right?

However, so has 2000 Nothing they do has

worked, despite what her astrologer in

Australia told her. In fact, that

Australian

>> Paris Fashion Week, Australia,

tearing up the retail agreement.

>> Don't forget Jordan. Don't forget

>> The Kardashian party?

>> Mhm. Everything has been a disaster, and

she also understands she's not dumb. She

gets that without Harry, she has got

maybe one or two options, and that would

be to sell her memoir and to sell a

tell-all docu-series, not unlike what

happened. But, the issue is she also

looks at what at Fergie, and she saw

that Fergie was never successful again.

She also understands

a disaster. And she's not one to want to

go live a quiet life, if you will. So,

she wants to keep living out loud and

still keep living and getting the

hosannas of the Duchess of Sussex.

>> Well, that's really interesting. So,

what you're really saying is it's not

Harry. Harry hasn't suddenly become a

man. He's not the dominant figure in the

marriage, but it is circumstance that

has led Meghan to the conclusion she has

no alternative than coming back to

England.

>> 100%. I don't think I don't think he's

all of a sudden wearing the pants. I

don't think he'd know how to. I mean,

he's with her for There's a reason why

she constantly dresses like his mother.

He loves Mommy. And you know, I just

know. I don't think he found his balls

at all.

I think they both are still a unit.

Everyone is saying, "Oh, it's the

beginning of the divorce and all this

crap." Maybe. Maybe it's a it's a long

[clears throat] separation. Who can say?

But right now, they are still in

lockstep and

they both realized that the best way to

come back they were listening to all of

that all of us who would give advice. In

fact, I think it was over Christmas that

I would decided to give them $50,000

worth of free advice on what to do. And

part of it is you got to you keep your

titles. You know, shut up. Good. They of

course didn't listen to anything except

for you got to keep your titles. But

they know that

this is it.

>> I think you're right and I just wonder

whether what bonds them is not affection

or love, but codependence.

They need each other because alone

they've got nothing.

>> I think it is I think it within the

codependency is affection and love. It's

not not a relationship I would want to

be in, but it's literally they've

convinced themselves that it's a two of

them against the world.

And that everyone is out to get them and

so they will be brave and fight through.

They are the hero in their own warped

story.

>> When does Harry wake up though? When

does he realize that this woman has

destroyed his life?

>> I don't know if she should take all the

blame. I think

to be fair, I think Harry is Harry.

>> You're going to say he's a he's a grown

ass man.

>> Yeah.

Not only is he a grown ass man, but as

you and I were saying earlier, he's

always been a little bit of a baby and a

self-righteous entitled kind of a

>> You need to get off that fence because

you won't make it on YouTube without an

opinion, Paula. It's too ambiguous. It's

too vague. Now, back long promise before

>> by the way, I'd like to point out that

there's a reason why Chelsea Davy left

him. There's a reason why his other

girlfriends left him. He didn't leave

them.

>> What is the reason why they left him?

>> I think it's very hard to be with a guy

who is

a self-centered, self-entitled

>> Now, this statement from the King,

Paula, on that bombshell. Very

interesting when you look at the

language of it. And I think one of the

most devastating parts of the statement

is as follows.

Harry and Meghan's position, this is how

it reads, is distinct from the state and

royal duties undertaken by the working

royal family. So, you've got a brutal

sentence there.

Which is saying to Harry and Meghan, you

don't have royal duties, you are not

working royals. Now, we know that is

their status, but to see it in black and

white, Paula, signed off by the King

that this is now a global international

news story is a total humiliation for

Harry.

>> Yeah, it is. However, what will the King

do once the first invite goes out of

Duchess of Sussex, Meghan, is heading up

this gala for this charity.

What What

What would he do then? Go on.

>> He's powerless. As you say, as long as

they've got those titles, they will

leverage them.

>> Yep.

>> The letter also adds, in short, the

Sussex's position is akin to private

citizens with commercial and charitable

interests. And that sounds to me like

they're washing their hands of all of

the grubby business that Harry and

Meghan get up to.

>> Yes.

They are, but again,

how can you wash your hands when they

still have titles and she can do things

like Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex

closet. Go on.

>> You can't. There is There is no answer

to that, which is why you should become

queen. Luckily, you're the queen of

YouTube, so you're getting there.

>> You be quiet.

>> You need a tiara. Let me tell you that.

I might send you one.

>> one. Hold on.

>> What? I am so impressed.

>> Someone made it made it for me. It's got

a lobster and a Scorpio on it.

>> It's absolutely stunning and it's just

as

just as prickly and sharp as a

scorpion's talons, let me tell you. And

you got your talons into Harry this

afternoon. Can I ask you before you go,

final thoughts?

>> Please.

>> They don't have a house yet in the

Cotswolds.

Looking to rent, our good friend Rupert

Bell thinks it's going to be about

$200,000 a year. That's on top of half a

million dollars for the mortgage on the

Montecito mansion. God knows what

they're paying for the Portuguese bolt

hole. What's your best guess as to how

long they stay in England?

>> Mhm. I don't think Harry's going to

leave. And I

don't know

about a $200,000. Maybe 200,000 pounds,

but I would suggest more for what they

want. And it's, you know, it changes

every day. They're renting, they're

buying, they're renting, they're buying.

You know, Allison Bushed

had put out exactly what they were

looking for and then they went to go

look at houses and then they were told

the price point and they were like,

what? And shocked, right? Because six

years ago, prices were a little bit

different.

So, you know, I don't know if Harry's

ever going to leave.

>> But it's an interesting answer that

you've given me and you've given me the

biggest bombshell at the very end of the

show. Your language was significant,

Paula.

>> Which language?

>> And you're saying to me that Harry will

never leave England, but you're

deafening in your silence about whether

Meghan will stay as well.

>> Well, come on. She can't stand the

place. Why would she? Number one, she

doesn't have a sense of humor.

Number two,

who are her friends? And the only people

who really want to be her friends will

be the people who are sycophants and

people who suck up to who they see as

someone socially better, and I use that

term very loosely.

And they will be the people who will

never be accepted by William and

Catherine

because people don't want to run the

risk of putting their hat into Harry and

Meghan's bin as opposed to William and

Catherine's. And so, if you know William

and Catherine are never going to accept

you, fine, go for Harry and Meghan.

But, that doesn't make a real

friendship, nor does it make anyone

really want to hang out with you. Now, I

agree with what Plum Sykes, Tom Sykes's

sister, said that for the first 6 months

to 12 months,

people are going to be like, "Oh, yes, I

want to go to a dinner. What's it going

to be like?" You know, because it's

titillating, and they also really want

to see if the rumors are true about just

how dull she is or self-centered,

whatnot. But, as we saw in Hollywood,

it doesn't go much longer than that. And

I also feel, again, the first big rain,

the first big flood in the Cotswolds,

which you know they're going to have

this year cuz it was hot and dry this

summer, she's going to pull an Ellen

and flee to Montecito for some sunshine.

>> It's inevitable, and she's going to be

in the shadow of Jeremy Clarkson, who's

now one of the biggest stars in the

world. She's going to be in the shadow

of Hugh Grant. She'll be in the shadow

of let's not forget Geri Halliwell,

former Spice Girl, Christian Horner,

David and Victoria Beckham who cannot

stand the Sussexes now.

>> way, don't forget in the shadow of Geri

Horner who was so upset that it was

leaked by someone, wink, to the paper

that she had had dinner with Harry and

Meghan, was giving them advice that she

insisted on a retraction

from the Daily Mail.

>> That's the Sussexes' reputational

kryptonite. One of the most explosive

conversations we've had in the history

of the Mark Dolan show. My thanks to the

fearless and fabulous Paula Froelich,

star of Paula Froelich Uncensored on

YouTube, which is absolutely blowing the

roof off at the moment. You've just

found out why. Also on Substack and

check out Paula's brilliant work with

NewsNation. Paula, we'll catch up soon.

>> Thanks, Mark Dolan.

>> I'll give him a kiss. That's amazing. Uh

this follows our adventures in the high

seas of New York City. Folks, let us

know what you think. I'm fascinated to

hear your thoughts, your reaction to

this intervention by King Charles. Are

Harry and Meghan going to keep faith

with the UK? What is the future for them

now that Charles has reinforced the

Sandringham agreement, reinforced the

terms and conditions of Megxit? Love to

know your thoughts. Let me know in the

comments. Like, subscribe, hit the

notification bell, and I'll see you for

a big one tomorrow.

>> [music]


