Harry and Megan's UK return is dead on

arrival. It's over before it's even

started. Megan is, and I quote, in

mental disarray following her UK [music]

return. Like Prince Harry, Meghan Markle

has [music] no job. What is Meghan

Markle for? There is no way that Harry

should be allowed to be royal again

ever. What a strange man Harry is. What

a strange man. She's not a chef. She's

not an entrepreneur. She was a horrible

princess. She is literally good for

nothing. [music] Harry, in 10 years

time, Harry is going to need money.

There are no projects. It's nothing.

It's a mirage. [music]

The Sussex brand has gone and it cannot

and will not be rehabilitated. Divorce

is now not a likelihood. It's a

certainty.

Yikes. A hideous piece of shameless

propaganda is doing the rounds courtesy

of the relentless and ruthless Sussex

public relations machine which never

sleeps. So, we're now being asked to

believe that Meghan Markle is going to

keep a low profile whilst in the United

Kingdom and focus her energies on Archie

and Lily. Was there ever a time that

Megan focused her energies on anyone

except herself? Does anyone believe for

a second that the world's most notorious

self-publicist is going to quieten down

and and I quote keep a low profile? Do

they take us for fools? So why are we

being told this? Well, because Megan is

in a state of total panic. She knows

that she's on the back foot. Coming back

to Britain is a horrible outcome for

Megan. Her prospects here in England are

zero. And so she's got to do damage

limitation and put a massive spin on

what is currently happening. Now, my

royal sources are telling me that in

fact the reality of what we're hearing

from the PR machine of the Sussex is

quite the opposite. That Megan is, and I

quote, in mental disarray following her

UK return. I'm being told she's in a

dark place and has no plan for her new

life in Britain and feels like the loser

in this arrangement. Well, she is the

loser because Harry comes back to his

country of birth, reconnects with his

friends, reconnects of course with the

king and hopes to recalibrate his royal

credentials. I'm not happy about that.

It's cynical. It's a betrayal of the

deal that Harry struck with the late

Queen Elizabeth about not being half in,

half out. But Harry is by far the

happier of the two because of course

Megan is now in a country that she hates

and where she is not liked. She has no

friends here, no social connections, no

family, and no job. This doesn't end

well. Now, we'll get to the shocking

state of their finances in just a moment

following an amazing piece of journalism

by the I newspaper who are normally

incredibly pro Sussex, but it's a very

damaging piece and they crunch the

numbers. And let me tell you that Harry

and Megan are in big financial trouble.

Plus, what are William and Catherine

planning to do following the Sussex's

return? And I've got the inside story,

but

a source has told the Sun newspaper that

there is considerable work involved in

establishing the family's new life, and

Megan is currently very focused on

getting the children settled. Well,

look, I'm so sorry, folks, but I'm not

buying this. No one with half a brain

cell is going to believe that Megan

Markle has suddenly decided, do you know

what? I'm a soccer mom and I'm gonna do

the school run and I'm gonna make the

pack lunch and I'm giving up my public

life, my public profile. Good luck with

that. It's my view that Megan has

narcissistic personality traits. She

craves the supply of headlines, of

noise, of clicks, and of course she is

hugely motivated by money. Now, Royer

Nicker is the royal editor of the Sunday

Times. And unfortunately, although I'm

incredibly fond of Royer, she's fallen

victim to Harry and Megan's propaganda

as well. I've known Royer for years, an

incredibly good journalist and a very

nice person, but she's written a piece

in the Sunday Times today and it is just

hideous spin from the Sussex PR machine.

So, she's written the Duchess of Sussex

will be rekindling her relationships

with UK charities and is expected to be

photographed and publicized doing so as

the family start to plan their lives

back in Britain. Let me tell you that my

royal sources are telling me that Megan

has no plan. What would the plan be?

What's she going to do? Is there anyone

in England that wants her horrible rosé

wine, which is overpriced, and I

wouldn't use it to clean my Toyota

Prius? Does anyone in Britain want the

flower sprinkles, or the jam, which is

so runny and disgusting it can't be

called jam at all? But that's the line

being pedled by lovely lawyer, who I've

got no issue with, but this is, I'm

afraid, client journalism. It's a press

release. It's not an article. the

Duchess of Sussex will be rekindling her

relationship with UK charities. Let me

know in the comments. Do you think that

some of the great charities in this

country, the UK, need the help of Meghan

Markle? Because the idea that Megan

would help in a charitable enterprise is

a little bit like hoping that a fox

might be able to help in a hen house.

This woman is a wrecking ball. She's

incompetent. She's toxic. She brings

with her human misery and bad headlines.

So, if I was a charity, I would be very,

very afraid of having Megan as the face

of it. Let's not forget because we know

that a lot of the charity stuff at the

moment in regard to the Sussexes is

going badly for Harry. So, Invictus is

losing sponsors left, right, and center

as reported by my good friend Paula

Frolic. And next year, 2027, could be

the last Invictus. Well, yikes, because

be clear, folks,

no Invictus,

no Harry.

No Invictus, no Harry. Forget about it.

What's Harry without Invictus? That's

it. It's the last remaining remnant of

any role and of any dignity and of any

status the man has.

And we know that Harry and Megan, so I

mentioned Harry's problems with

charities, losing control of cental,

walking away from African Parks after

the most egregious allegations against

that charity.

And then there is the Archwell

Foundation,

which is also rebranded as Archwell

Philanthropies. They keep changing the

name because it's a hot mess. That's

been shuttered. And that's Megan's

influence. So, if you're a charity in

the United Kingdom, you do not need the

help of Meghan Markle. In fact, if she

offers to help. Hi, my name is Megan

Markle. I've come to help your charity

and bring positive headlines and help

funding donations. And we're going to be

the best charity. We'll be number one. I

can assure you that if I get involved, I

will make this the greatest charity in

the world. It'll be the finest charity

the world's ever seen. In fact, it'll be

epic. It'll be historic if I get

involved in your charity. My husband.

And I promise it won't be a public

relations vehicle for me because I'm a

very good, nice human being, not a

hellish hologram.

No. So disaster. You do not want a

charity to have Megan involved. And

let's not forget Megan, in my view, has

damaged the Invictus charity. She went

on that parade striding along in a very

revealing outfits in front of leading a

group of injured service personnel and

she's walking along like look at me with

my wonderful able body and my legs still

work and everything. It was so

inappropriate. And we know that Sophie

Chandala and Meghan Markle did not like

each other. and Sophie Chandala felt

that Megan and Harry made Cental toxic,

made it harder to get sponsors. Well,

we're seeing that with Invictus.

So, Megan's got the opposite of the

Midas touch when it comes to charity

stuff. And now Roya, who's a lovely

person at the Sunday Times, is being

used as a mouthpiece by Megan and Harry

to spin that actually what Megan's going

to do in England is she's going to be a

philanthropist.

So she goes on to say, this is Roya.

It's understood that Megan and Harry and

their team will consider creating a new

framework that is fair for media access,

their engagements and coverage of their

public work. You heard me right. The

Sussex's are so arrogant. They're so

full of themselves. They're so

narcissistic that they think anyone

gives a damn what they do when they're

in England and that they're going to

need to control the sheer volume of

media interest in what they're doing.

They're going to create a framework that

is fair. There's no framework required

because no one is interested. Any noise

that the Sussex's make is going to be

bad noise like in Australia. Because in

Australia with that fake royal tour,

they made loads of headlines, but they

were not good headlines. Harry and Megan

are going to be the first people in the

history of the world to disprove the

theory that all publicity is good

publicity. There is a lot of concern

that Harry and Megan are going to steal

attention away from William and

Catherine. Well, don't worry about it

because it is not attention that William

and Catherine want. It's going to be bad

noise because when Harry and Megan go to

a hospital and pose with ill children,

which is ghoulish and creepy and strange

and inappropriate and wrong, and when

Harry does all his military stuff and

whatever virtue signaling activity they

get up to, it will be seen in that way.

Australia was a PR disaster. Anytime

that Harry and Megan try to look good in

this country by doing fake royal stuff,

it's going to be very bad for them. And

so therefore, my position is very clear

on William and Katherine. And my advice

to them is keep that dignified silence.

They take the low road, you take the

high road.

Keep calm and carry on. Never apologize.

Never explain. And don't give these

grifters the oxygen of publicity. You do

you. William and Katherine. So William's

got the Earth Shop Prize. He cares so

much about the environment. Katherine so

passionate about the link between young

people and access to the great outdoors

and nature for their development and

their mental and physical health. What a

brilliant cause which I fully support.

And then you've also got Williams

campaign to end homelessness. And of

course he's going to modernize the

monarchy when he takes the throne. And

the first thing he'll do, I've got no

doubt, is strip his brother of his HR

title and of his Duke of Sussex title,

and he will take Prince and Princess

away from Archie and Lily. But in the

meantime,

whilst William remains the Prince of

Wales, just keep doing what you're

doing, the excellent transformative work

that you and Katherine are doing. And of

course, my lovely friend Kinsey

Scoffield often quotes the anecdote that

William, he can't go to bed at night.

He's really tired. He's had a long day.

He works very hard. He can't get in the

bed because Katherine has got so many

notes on the bed sheets on the

bedspread, which the Americans call the

comforter. The comforter. And there's so

many notes because of all her charity

work. And she's got papers everywhere

and documents. And he's like, I need to

get into bed. It's It's midnight. I need

my eight hours. So that is how committed

they are. And don't chase those

headlines. Harry and Megan will make all

the noise, but it will be bad noise. And

don't forget, as I've said many times in

the last couple of weeks, in terms of

publicity, Harry and Megan will win the

battle short term. They're going to get

the headlines. Yes, they are. But they

may win the battle long-term. William

and Katherine win the war. How so? By

being brilliant people. By being, and

I'm going to say this, I don't care.

It's my show. I can't get cancelled from

my own show. By being attractive.

William and Katherine are attractive.

They are. And I'm going to say this, I

can't get cancelled on my own show.

They're hot. William and Katherine are

hot. He is slim and lean and handsome

with a Roman nose. He's accepted what

happened with his hair and he's just

kept it completely natural. And he's

stunning in my opinion. He's a

stunningly handsome man who looks

exactly like Diana. Even though Harry

strangely in spare said, "Oh, you know,

my brother doesn't look like our mom

anymore." Very, very weird,

pathological, cruel [snorts] thing to

say. What a strange man Harry is. What a

strange man. He's an angry man. He's a

bitter man. He's vengeful. Just a few

weeks ago, launching a hideous attack on

the Mark Dolan Show. What are you going

to do? I mean, they watch this show. The

Sussexes watch every episode of the Mark

Dolan Show. I suspect I'm living rentree

in Harry's head.

But what a strange man he is. I I think

he's lost his mind. His judgment is shot

to pieces. I don't know if that's

because of all of the mind-tering

substances that he's taken over the

years. Oh, you know, I was like totally

baked for a decade. Yeah, fine. But not

only is is he a man of poor judgment and

I believe losing his grip on reality,

but he's just a really weird guy. He's

really strange human being. He's

inscrutable.

But the bottom line is that William and

Katherine just have to be themselves.

have to be stunningly beautiful, which

they are. So, I was talking about how

handsome William is, and lean lean with

a body mass index that I thought, and

he's going to age so well. He's a little

bit like his grandfather, Prince

Phillip, who I think was incredibly

handsome, too. Let me know in the

comments. Prince Philip, was he a

good-looking man? I think he was so

handsome. I really mean that. I'm one of

those guys that can acknowledge if

another man is goodlooking. I mean, I'm

very lucky, of course. I mean, the main

reason people come to the Mark Dolan

Show, it's my wisdom, my insight, my

editorial courage. Of course, I

don't always get it right. There are

times when we disagree, and there are

times when you're furious with me. And

you know what? You're entitled to be

because it's all about opinions.

But I bring judgment, I bring courage, I

bring honesty, I bring authenticity, and

I have a swimmer's build. So, I'm very

lucky, but I'm not as attractive as

William. And then Katherine is stunning.

She's a picture book princess with

Disney eyes and crazy crazy crazy

good-looking. So, what the uh the Wales

must do is just continue to be

themselves and let Harry and Megan win

the battle as it were and you guys go

and win the war. And the way that you do

that is not just the excellent work, but

also ultimately by becoming king and

queen, which Megan is going to hate.

When William McCathan become king and

queen, Megan's head is going to explode.

She's going to transmogriphy. She's

going to disappear into a cloud of dust.

She will melt into a human puddle on the

floor.

She will dissipate into the ether.

She will collapse. She will self-combust

and she will explode

into a thousand pieces and it will be a

beautiful thing to witness. But I've got

to tell you folks, my royal sources are

telling me that Megan's not in a good

place and that she's in disarray. And I

think it's interesting now that the

Sussex's, in my opinion, are using the

Sunday Times, which is a great

newspaper, and using Royer, who's a

great journalist who I like, to spin

what's happening because she's in such a

bad place. Harry and Megan's UK return

is dead on arrival. It's over before

it's even started.

So, we've got this quote from Roya in

the Sunday Times, which is owned by

Rupert Murdoch. I like Megan Markle. I'm

Rupert Murdoch. And when she gets

divorced from Harry, I'm going to marry

her actually because she's got a robust

immune system and an excellent blood

supply and a very excellent

calcium to enamel ratio in her teeth.

Ruben Murdoch. So, lovely Royer writes

the following. When the couple left

Britain in 2020, they announced they

would no longer participate in the royal

rotor of uh royal rotor system of print

and broadcast outlets that pull coverage

of the royal family's public work. So,

this is basically a resource that

journalists use to find out what the

royal family are up to.

And they announced they would no longer

participate in the royal rotor system.

Well, of course not, because they're not

working royals.

But Roya says that that stance has since

softened. Well, of course it's softened.

I mean, I don't know why you would call

it softened. They're desperate. They

want to be on every royal wrote, on

every list, on every press release

because they are desperate. Desperado.

The Italians say desperatia and in

German desperat.

[gasps]

So apparently the Sussex's their stance

has softened on being part of this royal

communicate with selected royal rotor

reporters granted access to Harry's

engagements when he's returned to

Britain in recent years. The quote says

he is in a different headsp space to

where he was before. Well, I mean is he

sober and has he is he still stoned? I

mean what's is he baked? Has he been

overdoing it on the flower sprinkles?

Well,

understand that it's obscene for Harry

to be back on this royal road. So, the

idea they're softening on that. They're

not softening. They're desperate to be

on it. Right. That's like the idea that

I'm softening on having a hot date with

Paris Hilton or Taylor Swift or Julia

Roberts. I'm I'm softening on having

dinner with Jennifer Aniston. I mean, do

me a favor. Do these people think we're

stupid?

I think they do. Let me know in the

comments. Do the Sussexes think we're

that stupid. So, he shouldn't be on any

of this stuff. But, of course, what it

means, and I actually appreciate I think

Royer is no fool at the Sunday Times.

And I think um what she's doing is she's

been given this press release by the

Sussex's an insider said. And I think

it's useful because it's good to know

what they're saying and what they're

spinning because that's evidence for us

of their betrayal. And so I think Sussex

propaganda is useful because what you

can do is decode it, analyze it, and

unpick it. In many ways, these quotes

from Sussex insiders is like the smoking

gun for the detective when you're

gathering evidence. So, and with this

softening stance on the royal rotor, I

mean, I think what you're seeing there

is Harry's efforts to be royal again

and it is deeply wrong. Now, we've had a

conversation about his security. I'm

very clear. I'm very, very clear that

the taxpayer does not want to pay for

it. I think King Charles should pay for

it. And I've been told by people, oh, he

can't pay because that you basically

guns for hire. You can't give the police

money to have armed bodyguards. It's not

a it's not a service you can buy. Well,

hold fire for a minute. There are so

many ways you can do this. You can

change the rules. You can change the

law. Or King Charles can simply overpay

on his tax return by $3 million a year.

Job done. And Harry can do the same. But

notwithstanding the conversation around

their security, there is no way that

Harry should be allowed to be royal

again ever. And that means he shouldn't

be on royal property. Which is why I was

very unhappy that Megan in particular

made it back into High Grove House after

her horrific treatment, her abuse of the

royal family and of the institution and

of the people therein. But also they

shouldn't be going to Balmoral,

Sandringham,

Clarence House and they must never and I

repeat never be on that balcony at

Buckingham Palace. So it's really

worrying because you can see that what

Harry's trying to do is become royal

again. We saw that in his deranged

interview on ITV when he was in Ukraine

like those people by the way haven't

suffered enough with the world's least

happy millionaire turning up dressed

like a burglar. I don't know what that

was all about. He was in a beanie hat

and a hoodie. He looks quite criminal. I

think Harry cuts a criminal air actually

if you ask me.

He's a strange man. A very weird guy.

So, but the bottom line is that what

he's trying to do is be royal again. And

Megan is just all over the shop. She is

because she knows she's she knows that

she's kryptonite. She knows she's not

liked here. She's the loser in this

deal. So Royer goes on to say the couple

Harry and Megan who recently returned

from California with their children are

excited about being back since their

return last month according to friends.

Excited about be does well Harry's

excited of course because he comes home

and it changes the power dynamic within

his marriage because when they were in

America Megan called the shots. It was

her country of birth. It was her home

state of California. It was her industry

town of Hollywood. It was her friends.

It was her Netflix deal. It was her as

ever brand. Megan called the shots. And

Harry rattling around that Monteito

mansion getting drunk with his

bodyguards. What a pathetic and sad

spectacle.

So Harry's

I would say Harry's excited about being

back. [laughter]

Aisha Coco and Megan a disaster. So

Royer has continued and unfortunately

fallen into the trap of the Sun

newspaper of repeating the following

line. Megan and Harry's priority is

settling their two children into their

new family home and new school where

they will enroll this week. The Sussex's

have asked for their children's privacy.

This is not my words. These are Sunday

Times. The Sussexes have asked for their

children's privacy to be respected and

friends say they are attempting to keep

a low profile as they settle into their

new neighborhood. Well, first of all, I

feel very sorry for that neighborhood.

I've got no doubt that house prices in

the Cotswwells in Oxfordshire on the

Oxfordshire Glstershare border. House

prices tumbling with those two upstarts

appearing. And what a cheek for the

Sussexes to ask for their children's

privacy to be respected. Now, on the

Mark Dolan Show, we will never detail

where these jokers live. And we will

never detail where Archie and Lily go to

school.

But who are they to talk about the

children's privacy when they feature

Archie and Lily non-stop on Instagram?

Even

on the very sad occasion of the passing

of the feminist author Gloria Steinum,

Megan couldn't resist an Instagram post

that featured Archie. Why is her

youngest son, who if memory serves is 7

years old, why does he feature in an

Instagram

story, an Instagram post about

a feminist that's passed away? Why? Why

is Archie, you know, tied in with that?

Well, because she can't help herself.

Because Megan, in my view, is bringing

Archie and Lily into brand Sussex as a

way of rescuing it. Harry wants to be

more royal and Megan is turning the

Sussex brand into the Archie and Lily

brands because she knows that she's shot

to pieces. So, she needs fresh blood,

fresh meat. Use Archie Nilly. Proof of

that is that they're on the Instagram

nonstop. And it's not just their

birthday as the Wales do or Christmas

Day. It's trip to Disneyland. Trips to

Disneyland with uh with Doria Ragland. I

was never in the slammer. My name is

Doria Ragland. I've never in the

slammer, but if I was, I would do well.

Mother, I'm Megan Markle. I've come to

visit you in the slammer. I brought you

some flower sprinkles and lavender

towels for nourishment. No thanks,

Megan. I'll stick to the prison grab.

That was satire.

And I'm

joking. So, the bottom line is that how

dare they use the Sunday Times to talk

about Archie and Lily's privacy. Do me a

favor. And this Gloria Steinum was a

great author, a great lady, um, who

really, really transformed the fortunes

of women with her writing to make the

world a more equal place. No problem.

But also very interesting, a great

YouTube channel is called Royal News and

Politics Updates. You'll find it at

latest royal news. Very interesting guy

there that does regular videos. And uh

this was uh actually mentioned to be my

why my amazing audience. One of you let

me know uh a lovely person called Feny

message and said check out this video in

which the family of Gloria Steinum was

said to be very unhappy that Megan

posted about Gloria Steinum and her

passing because they claim that Megan

was nowhere to be seen when Gloria

Steinum was passing. Now, I don't have

the facts on that, but that's something

that's maintained in this very

interesting video at latest royal news,

and all I can say is I don't know

whether Megan did neglect Gloria Steinum

in her final days, pick up the phone or

visit her. What I can tell you is I

shouldn't be surprised

in the context that she neglected her

own father as he battled for his life in

a Philippines intensive care unit and

has now lost one of his legs. Where was

the empathy? Where was the concern then?

She's abandoned her father since before

her wedding to Harry. Why? Because he

didn't fit her fashionable sort of new

life. He didn't fit the aesthetic. a

kindly slightly overweight American man.

That's not a good look for Megan. It's

not a look that she wants. So quite a

lot of controversy about the posts of

Megan with Gloria Steinum with this

channel saying that you know essentially

Gloria passes and Megan uses it as an

opportunity for public relations to say,

"Oh yeah, Gloria and I were best friends

and aren't I a lovely person?" Now, of

course, the Sussex's and Megan will

insist that she was there with Gloria

right to the end and they were close and

it's all a pack of lies. So, in the end,

you guys have to decide, but I'm just

looking at people's track record here.

I'm looking at patterns of behavior

which tend not to change. A leopard

doesn't change its spots. Look how Megs

treated Thomas Markle Senior, who cared

for Megan, raised her on his own for at

least five years when I don't know where

Doria was. It was not jail, let me

assure you. Uh perhaps she was on

holiday. Who knows? Maybe she was on a

yoga retreat or getting uh you know,

mindaltering substances in a in a

commune somewhere.

Who knows? But he parented Megan a lot

on his own. He paid $750,000 for her

education, including dance classes,

private school, acting lessons. By the

way,

where's the refund? and Northwestern

University three quarters of a million

dollars and now poor old Thomas Markle

senior is flat broke. Thanks but no

thanks. So, but what I can tell you is

it's very weird that in this Instagram

drop about Megan and Gloria Steinum, the

feminist author,

there's a photograph of Archie and it's

weird and it's clear what they're doing

which is the kids are part of the brand

the end. So, I'll take no lectures. And

of course, I was wildly attacked by the

Sussexes by daring to speculate that

when Archie and Lily are older, young

adults, they could cause problems for

their cousins because it's a rival royal

court, which now unfortunately is not

headquartered in the United States. It's

headquartered

here in Britain. And it means that

William and Katherine are going to have

to face these trolls who have made their

life a misery on home turf, on home

soil. And it's a tragedy. But as I've

said to the Wales, you crack on. You do

you. Don't change a thing. You will win.

Now, what about this from Royer? Harry

and Megan apparently are still unpacking

at home and getting over the jet lag.

Well, cry me a river. The jet lag.

They're buying school uniform and trying

to buy pencil cases, pencil cases

without being spotted. Have they never

heard of the internet?

Should I take Harry out for a beer and

explain to him that there's a thing

called Amazon now where you have to just

think of the item and 11 seconds later

it arrives in your house? They're trying

to buy pencil cases without being

spotted. They want to come back. They're

excited about being back and everything

that is to come. Folks, there is there's

nothing to come.

There is nothing to come for Harry and

Megan. The Sussex brand has gone and it

cannot and will not be rehabilitated.

They've reached the end of the road.

Good night, nurse. Oravoir atutal.

It's been great. The fat lady hasn't

just sung. She's in the back of the taxi

on her way home.

It goes on to say, a source close to

Megan said that Megan is thinking about

plans for how she can get more involved

and support the causes that she was

supporting and was passionate about

again and new causes too. She wants to

pick up with lots of people.

There's a theme emerging here, folks,

and it's very clear what the theme is.

Like Prince Harry, Meghan Markle has no

job. What is Megan Markle for? She's not

a TV host. She's not really an actress.

Merryill Streep and Dane Judy Dench are

not exactly looking over their shoulder.

She's not a chef. She's not an

entrepreneur. She was a horrible

princess and she is literally good for

nothing. So, this UK return doesn't end

well. And honestly, Harry's going to be

fine because he's going to rebuild

things with his father. Probably drill

his cash uh sorry, drill his father for

some cash. Probably try to get friendly

with King Charles so that when King

Charles passes, which is hopefully many

years from now, the settlement, the

inheritance will be more generous.

Harry, in 10 years time, Harry is going

to need money. I mean, he needs it now,

but he's living off savings. The cash

flow is gone. He's going to need some

cash.

and Megan. So, no, Megan is in real

trouble. And I promise you what's going

to happen now in the United Kingdom.

Megan is going to implode.

She's going to implode. She's getting,

folks, 8,000 clicks on her website in a

month.

Let that

sink in.

She's getting 8,000 people that click on

her website in one month. Now, that

doesn't mean that they buy anything.

That's probably mainly journalists.

8,000 journalists looking for material.

8,000 clicks on her website in a month.

Now, if I had an Only Fans account,

which I'm not ruling out because I have

a a swimmer's build. If I had an Only

Fans account, it would get more clicks

than that. In fact, I think it would do

very well because I have a good posture

and a body mass index to die for. But do

you take my points? And so I think that

the whole thing is quite devastating for

Megan. I think her mental health is

going to go through the toilet. And

we're being taugh told, aren't we, that

oh what Megan will do is she's going to

be very very busy with all of her

business projects and an acting return

with Guy Richie, which is the biggest

lie ever.

and that she's going to spend time in

America looking after all the stuff

that's going on. Folks, if there was

anything going on in America, she

wouldn't be in England because Harry was

making no money in America. He's not

going to make money in England. So, he

can be anywhere. Megan was the bread

winner. So, it's a bit of a worry, isn't

it, that the bread winner has left the

location of her so-called

career, that she's left the location of

her so-called income

and her so-called projects. There are no

projects. It's it's it's just a house of

cards. It's nothing. It's a mirage.

It's like Bernard Maidoff's entire

business model. It's a Ponzi scheme.

It's a lie. It just isn't true.

Why did Ted Sarandos, the boss of

Netflix,

tear up his retail agreement with Megan

to sell the jam and the flower

sprinkles? He's not a stupid man. If, as

ever was making money, he'd be allin.

Netflix exists. Yes, they make great

entertainment, but it exists to make

money. So if things are going so well in

America and Megan is the bread winner

and all the income is from the US which

is the spin that we've had well then why

are they in England?

It's very very strange. And the answer

is because there is nothing happening in

America. And so this idea that Megan is

going to spend chunks of the year in the

States um catching up with all her

clients and closing deals with

broadcasters and it's just not true.

So if she does go to America for 3

months at a time, which I think she

will, well, I think that's going to be

performative. It's going to be theater.

It's going to be PR. I have to go to

America for 3 months because I'm so

busy. I have so many projects. You

wouldn't believe. They're going to be

the greatest projects the world's ever

seen. It's going to be the finest TV

show ever, like in the history of

broadcast ever. The best. My husband.

So, she will basically be indulging in

public relations theater by spending

chunks of the year in America doing

what? Twiddling her thumbs, creating

Instagram posts,

and sunbathing. I don't know. Having

lunch with her friends. But what is she

going to do?

And that's why I do believe that Harry

is the real winner here and that the UK

return is going to place a huge strain

on the marriage. We are witnessing the

beginning of the end of the Sussex's

union. Divorce is now not a likelihood,

it's a certainty. Why? Because of bad

headlines, toxic publicity. because the

Sussex project is going to actually get

worse in England. It's going to wither

on the line and because Megan will be

absent for chunks of the year. So, it

doesn't bode well and the whole thing is

an insult, I believe, to our

intelligence. And we'll finish with a

word on William and Katherine because

Harry and Megan's return to Britain has

reopened the question of whether William

and Harry will reconcile. Now, before I

get to the remarks of Robert Jobson, let

me just say that William has nothing to

apologize for. Quite the opposite. And

there's a narrative going around and I'm

sickened by it that somehow it's

William's job to be the bigger man. Like

hand over an olive branch. Uh be nice,

forgive, think of the old man. Oh,

please boys don't make my final days of

misery. You see,

he's got nothing to apologize for. And

what I would encourage William to do is

I would encourage William to forget

about Harry. Don't give him a second

thought. Concentrate on your wife and

your children and your job as Prince of

Wales.

Prepare to be potentially the greatest

king we've ever had and do not give that

guy Harry an inch. I do think if Harry

and Megan divorced,

then I think there's potential for Harry

to apologize, to sign a contract

promising no more books and no more

interviews, no more attacking the

family. Of course, you can never forgive

what he's done. But I think if he was

not married to Megan, he could blame all

of it on her.

>> Yeah. You know, I'm actually a nice guy.

It's just Meg's really she got in my

head. Yeah. I got the Megan mind virus

which makes you think she's really good.

Yeah. And the only cure is divorce.

Yeah. So,

but as long as Megan is around, forget

it. You cannot do business with Harry if

Megan's around. You can't really do

business with Harry anyway. He's a

strange man. But with Megan, forget

about it. And I think the way I see

Williams role, and I mentioned this on

Royals Uncensored, which is the

brilliant Piers Morgan produced YouTube

show that I'm a regular guest on, which

I thoroughly enjoy. And I said on that

show that William is actually the

buffer. He's the barrier. He's the

protector of the monarchy and the royal

family. Because unlike Charles, who is

kindly but irredeemably weak and who was

rolled over to Harry and his will and

allowed Harry to betray Queen Elizabeth

by tearing up the deal when they did

Mexit.

Charles can roll over. William will not.

He's the buffer. He's the protector of

the royal family. and he will make sure

that Harry is not on that balcony, that

he's not on royal property, that he

doesn't holiday with everyone, that

they're not coming out of church

together. All is forgiven. Never forgive

and never forget. Folks, IT'S BEEN SO

GREAT TO CHAT. OH, I should just quote

Robert Jobson, who's a good friend of

mine, great journalist. I must get him

on the show, who believes that William

and Katherine will refuse to engage in

the circus and concentrate on royal

duties. And of course, Robert and I

agree fully on that. Folks, I want to

know everything you think. The Mark

Dolan Show is a big old conversation.

The comments aren't part of the show.

They are the show and we've had some

very big debates lately and I want to

keep that going. I'm in listening mode.

I'm fascinated by what you got to say.

Three things happen when I read your

comments. They all begin with L. I

laugh, I listen, and I learn. I laugh

because you're hilarious and you're not

politically correct and you don't care

and you can't be cancelled. I learn

because you have so much knowledge and a

lot of wisdom.

And the other thing that I do is I

listen because it's just so valuable to

the host. I'm the host. So I have to

embody the information that you give me,

the wisdom you impart, and we have a big

old chat. So please like, subscribe, hit

the notification bell, check out the

Dolan Boardroom. That's my exclusive

membership,

which is well worth it. It's a bonus

video, an exclusive video every single

week. And there's an XL video coming

shortly. It's about an hour and 20

minutes. It's basically Mark Dolan the

movie. So do check it out. And I cannot

wait to see you for another big show

very soon. Bye for now.

>> [music]


