I'm going to call this Catherine, the

Princess of Wales revenge. Not that she

would for a single second think of

leaking Meghan Markle's private

messages. But remember, that is exactly

what Megan Markle did to this princess,

this future queen, in Prince Harry's

autobiography, Spare. And guess what?

That's why I'm celebrating the Mums of

Oxford getting their revenge on

Catherine's behalf by leaking Meghan

Markle's mortifying WhatsApp message

sent just before she decided to ditch

their school. And of course, this is yet

another car crash, yet another security

scandal, yet another grift for the fake

duchess on her return to the United

Kingdom. So, here was the leaked drama

as broken by the Sun newspaper today

with its royal editor Matt Wilkinson

reporting that the Dutch of Sussex

sparked a security alert as her personal

mobile number was leaked from a school

parents WhatsApp chat. Megan had joined

the group conversation the night before

her children Archie and Lily had their

first day of school at a UK school,

which of course didn't last long. It

lasted all of 2 days. And a source told

the son, "You can't have a situation

where the fifth, sixth, and seventh in

line to the throne are trapped in a car.

Their new school is said not to come

with the same traffic issues." Oh,

whatever. Whatever. You know, I don't

believe this. You know, this is all an

absolute stunt, a fraud in order for us

to have to pay for their security. And

that's why I love the moms of Oxford

saying, "If Megan Markle really did

care, surely she's not going to provide

her number on this WhatsApp group with a

whole load of people uh who don't even

know her." And by the way, Megan, we're

moms in the United Kingdom, not moms.

So, here is the exchange.

Welcome to Megan who has Archie joining

tomorrow.

Someone says, "Welcome." And then Megan

replies in her completely out of touch

manner, showing she knows nothing about

the United Kingdom. Hi moms. Thanks for

the warm welcome. So happy to be part of

this community. Really? Are you Megan?

Because it only lasted for 48 hours.

You've got to know there's a problem

when the only person who is defending

this is the hard leftist Nirinda Core

saying of the parent, "What kind of

filth sells screenshots of parents

WhatsApp group talking about children.

How utterly disgusting. Poor Megan

trying to assimilate and be in a mom's

chat and one of them leaked at all. This

never happened when she was in the

States." Okay. Well, I've got a couple

of things to say about that. If she was

trying to assimilate, she would say

moms, not moms. And secondly, this is

nothing to do with the UK or the US.

This is to do with Meghan Markle being a

huge problem in whatever community she

goes to. There were all of these leaks

in Monteito. No one was happy at the

Monteceto school with the way that Megan

would turn up with her bodyguards. Now

the problem has been imported to Oxford.

When have you ever seen a WhatsApp group

including for example Katherine the

Princess of Wales be leaked to the

public? And indeed, in the past few

hours, Tom Sykes of the Royalist has

reported that these Oxford parents now

believe that Meghan Markle exploited the

Oxford traffic issue to get security.

This backs up my reporting yesterday.

One source told him, "If you go to

school one, literally all people talk

about is the traffic in Oxford. Parents

spend their time dreaming up strategies

to beat it. One favorite is to get up at

5:45, drive in and go and sit in Gales,

a coffee shop chain for an hour and have

breakfast and do homework there. Another

parent said this was obviously going to

happen if they're driving to school one

every day. They didn't know there was

traffic in Oxford. This is all just a

ploy to get security. And a parent at

the new school said school 2 is not

nearly as academic as school one. It's

not a dedicated Eaton pipeline like

school one. Really the only reason to go

to school one is if you want to go to

Eaton or Wikimabi.

The whole thing about school too, so

this is where they are now, is that sure

it's a great school and everything, but

the real selling point is that it is not

in an insanely busy town, so it is easy

to get to. Harry, of course, has

previously said he didn't want Archie to

go to eaten. Not sure we really believe

that. Another parent said the children

were settling in and everything was very

normal. They added that the new school,

unlike the first, has sent no advisories

ordering parents to respect the Renegade

Royals privacy, which was very welcome.

They just have to get on with it. And we

are not being asked to change anything

or do anything or be lectured to. Well,

that is good news. Okay, that is good

news because clearly the first strategy

did not work and that's why Megan has

her WhatsApp messages leaked to

according to Taz who has returned from

holiday. Thank goodness because there is

so much to get to on this. But Tash

posted security alert, security fears,

security incident, security threat,

security scare, getting stuck in school

traffic and handing her mobile number to

a group of strangers. Dear Harry and

Megan, we know what you were up to. So

do hopefully Ravik. But she adds, and

this is the sadness of all of this, and

I really did think that image sums up

the madness we're dealing with. I really

do wonder how those children are going

to grow up. This sort of chaos

constantly surrounding them. It can't be

good for them at such a young age and

they will end up scared of their own

shadows. Totally agree, Tash. But the

reality is here, zero sympathy coming

from me about the leak of the WhatsApp

group. Megan caused chaos and carnage in

that Oxford school for 48 hours. She

didn't want to be part of the community.

And at the same time, there's going to

be a lot of people there, Tash, who know

full well that Megan famously leaked her

private messages with Katherine, the

Princess of Wales for Prince Harry, to

publish and spare. So, unfortunately,

she is just getting a taste of her own

medicine. I know Katherine would never

do this, but I still sort of feel like

Tash today. Justice for the Princess of

Wales, if you know what I'm saying. The

latest bombshells from Harry and Megan

that the Monteceto Mafia and the rest of

the media are desperate to hide.

Subscribe right now for the real story

with zero spin and zero censorship.

>> I do indeed. I do indeed. And it's great

to be back. And there has been so much

drama to try and keep up with this. It's

been honestly

>> Well, you've been on holiday which

looked amazing by the way.

>> Yeah. Trying to relax and I'm like

something else has blown up. But with

regards to this this leak, okay, I'm

highly suspicious of this because who is

it that went to the newspapers to say

there had been a leak? Who is it that

contacted I think it was Matt Wilkinson

that broke it up, The Sun to turn around

and say it's been leaked? I've read his

reporting on it and it says that um

basically, you know, that the there was

a screenshot that was passed round.

Well, how did Megan find out that there

was a screenshot being passed around?

Your phone doesn't give you

notifications to say that. I think Megan

has leaked the WhatsApp group to try and

play victim. I don't think the Oxford

moms have done this. I think with such a

prestigious school, these women at these

gates might be a little bit interested

in talking to Mechham, but I highly

doubt that they would be the sort of

people that probably their children

already go to school with politicians

children, with other famous children.

You know, this is a proper posh school.

And as I said, it's a gateway to Eaton,

one of the most prestigious schools in

the world. So, they're used to seeing

famous people, but actually genuinely

famous people rather than infamous

people. I think this is Megan who didn't

get the reaction that she wanted after

the incident, you know, the incident, a

security incident. They were stuck in

traffic. And I just feel like this is

just the next day. This is just

something else. They've got to

constantly create a circus. And it's the

same as they were the ones that told the

media that the children have now changed

schools. Stop leaking every detail. If

you are genuinely scared for your

children's safety, do not tell them

anything. Don't tell them what school

they've been enrolled in. Don't tell

them that Archie's a day border. Do not

give any piece of information out about

the children. And then if something does

get leaked by a mom at the gates, don't

respond to it. Ignore it. Never

complain. Never explain. This, I

believe, is Harry and Megan creating the

drama. They need something to force

Ravik's hand. So, we've had the incident

being stuck in traffic in a country in a

country rural area, which really does

make me laugh. Okay, Oxford is more of a

city. I don't know exactly where the

school is, but getting from the

Cotsworlds to Oxford, you've got a lot

of single track roads down. I live in

the countryside myself. You've got a lot

of stuff that will obviously cause

problems on the road. It was the most

ridiculous excuse. And then the next

day, security scarce. Someone shared

Megan's WhatsApp message. I tell you

what, Megan, here's a free tip from me.

Hide your telephone number. Perhaps get

a separate phone with a separate SIM

card that you give to the nanny. You

know, don't actually put your own number

on there. But I don't believe that the

moms at Oxford are actually responsible

for this. I think it's Megan that's

leaked this herself.

>> Well, look, do you know what Tash, it

certainly would add up. I will say that

because remember this is the same woman

who chose this weekend to dox herself

and announce to the word that she is at

in world that she is at Ian W's property

which we're going to discuss later has

actually tipped off all the paparazzi

now who previously were not staking out

the house. So certainly where I agree

Tash is that there is absolutely now a

bid I mean I said it yesterday actually

in revealing this fraud. They want a

false flag attack. They won't call it a

false flag attack. They'll just call it

an attack. That's what they want. And I

mean, you have to agree with someone

like Opinionated Russian who now just

asked the question, Tash, why can't

Megan and Harry homeschool their kids if

security is such a problem? Why not hire

a teacher? Because according to the

Sussex squad and them, they have no

financial problems. Why not hire a

teacher to come to the property? That

way, they don't have to leave the

protected compound. And certainly, Tash,

exactly.

>> It does feel like there are going to be

big issues with wherever they go to

because of all of this drama that

they're creating. I mean, I know you

were shocked by this. Even Chris Ship,

their ultimate propagandist at Wokeai

TV, had to admit that the previous

school, School One in Oxford, are

relieved that Harry and Megan relocated

their children.

>> Yeah, I'm I mean, it was actually quite

shocking to see Chris Ship being the

first to report it. And normally when a

story like that comes out negative to do

with Harry and Megan, he'll just flatly

ignore it altogether. So, that did come

as a shock. But yes, I mean I I have

been reading from various outlets that

the moms and well the parents of the

children were contacting the school

governors, they were contacting other

teachers, they were complaining because

Harry and Megan's security team were

blocking and you know the sort of

behavior that they did. You know, Robert

Jobson brought up the New York car chase

is exactly the same. They're complaining

because they had to get in a queue with

other moms and their other vehicle

couldn't, you know, stay with them. That

was the actual incident because they got

split up from their security. Why don't

they have security in the car with the

children which would make, you know, a

bit more sense. But obviously having the

convoy is just ridiculous. But they were

upset that they had to queue alongside

other parents. So I think their security

detail were probably doing a very good

job of actually trying to block off

other parents that probably actually

have jobs trying to get their children

into the school that their children, you

know, may have been there for years.

Their children have probably been on a

waiting list to get into the school

since birth, but all of a sudden Harry

and Megan's little prince and princess

probably bumped a couple of kids off the

list to get in that school and they've

caused problems. And now with this

story, if my theory is correct that it

wasn't the Oxford moms actually leaking

it, Megan is making it look very bad for

those moms that did welcome her in the

group WhatsApp. So I can't imagine she's

doing very well at making friends

anywhere she goes. And I just think this

is just all one big effort to force

Rabck's hand. This isn't the last of the

drama. We will have drama tomorrow.

There is going to be a new security

incident. You know, there's going to be

something that comes up because they are

full steam ahead. They want the

security. They want it now.

>> Yeah. 100%. And of course, the

propagandist today was Victoria Ward.

She gets leaked pretty much everything

now directly from Liam Maguire and team

Sussex. And the new line being used is

that they were sitting ducks. They were

like sitting ducks on the school run.

Tash.

>> Yeah, we've all been sitting ducks.

stand. It's called traffic. It's called

real life. Welcome to the real world.

But maybe they didn't have as much

traffic on the road in California. I

said in my video yesterday, California

itself as a state is 1.7 times bigger

than the whole of the United Kingdom.

They've got bigger roads. You know,

they've got bigger vehicles. We have now

got to the point where we've all got

bigger vehicles, but we can't increase

the size of our roads, especially in

these rural areas and these, you know,

postcard villages. They're beautiful to

look at, but when you are in a rush and

you are trying to get somewhere and

you've got sheep in the road, you've got

tractors in the road, you've got horse

riders, cyclists, Amazon deliveries,

everyone gets deliveries now in the

countryside. It is an absolute

nightmare. And you know, you don't have

to be a trained security expert to go

perhaps we should check this school run

out perhaps when it's busy and not in

the middle of the school holidays. It's

honestly, it just it's so absurd. Now, I

honestly feel like I am I'm I'm reading

out a comedy sketch. It's just become a

complete and utter joke. And then, of

course, I'm sure we're going to talk

about it shortly, but Megan constantly

leaking location details whilst also

demanding that their security is

reinstated. It's no different to someone

that's gone into witness protection

that's constantly uploaded [laughter] on

social media. Exactly. It's madness.

>> It totally is madness. And it's like Kim

Kardashian learned her lesson after the

raid in Paris. But that's why you have

to believe this is being done

purposefully because they want there to

be an issue. Now Tash, there is also a

bit of a scandal, a potential scandal in

terms of this Labour MP here in the

United Kingdom who has been really

pushing the whole security line. Okay,

so this is a little bit complicated, but

let me just take you through it. So he

is called Mike Tap and he's actually

quoted look in this article in the Daily

Mail say nearly 3 weeks after their

arrival the king's son Megan and their

children remain without protection

whatever the eventual outcome there is

serious questions about how the process

has been handled in the cold light of

day there should be a proper review to

ensure decisions of this importance made

swiftly independently and on the basis

of risk now he is a former minister Tash

and Slippery Star's government and he

has been appearing with Cameron Walker

on GB News to push this case. Watch

this.

>> This sort of protection is not based on

the wealth of an individual. It's based

on the risk and threat that they face.

And I I do seem to remember that he did

offer to pay, but that doesn't fit in

with the system. You can't be buying

state security. It doesn't work like

that. It has to be based on the threat

that they uh that they are facing. But I

would urge them to make a prompt uh

decision on this. It has to be

independent and it has to look at the

evidence. Is there a threat to Prince

Harry and his family? And it has to

stand up to scrutiny if it is denied

because if something happens that has to

be and will be looked at. But the reason

I say it needs to be quite prompt is

because now that they're in the country,

they will start setting patterns. you

know, for example, taking the kids to

school and leisure and social

activities, which actually increases the

threat further.

>> But Tash, this is amazing because after

Tap posted on this, the super sleuths on

X and this was started when Jen Carson

Taylor replied to Mike Tap got involved

with Dora revealing, look at this, from

the Substack High Society diary, which

reads, "A little scoopet. I first met

the Sussex's chief of comms, Liam

Maguire, through his close school

friend, Dover and DLMP, Mike Tap, the

man we've just seen, at a spectator

Burns night event. Both are friendly,

fun, affable men, and it was very clear

they are very good mates. Tap has

recently started speaking out about

Harry's quest for security. and the

Salty Duchess then did some further work

on this tash using Google AI

to prove that Tap and Liam Maguire are

connected through a crowdfunding

campaign for Tap's successful run for

political office in Kent. And they

uncovered some messages between the two

of them. There was a crowdfund to get

the Tories out of do and Maguire left a

supportive message stating you got this

tap. Abigail has now gone directly to

Mike tap saying please confirm is this

Liam Magguire who donated to your

parliamentary campaign employed as

Sussex PR representative. Was this

declared ever? especially when serving

at the UK home office because that is

the other twist to this whole scandal

tash until very recently and this is

going to be complicated for people who

aren't involved in politics in the UK or

don't follow it here but Mike Tap was

working for a woman called Shabana

McMood

she is the home secretary of the United

Kingdom a senior cabinet minister who

Prince Harry has written to personally

demanding that she overrules the court

decision in regards to his security. And

guess what, Tash? This is a scandal.

There is radio silence thus far from the

mainstream media. But first, I've

noticed something since hitting my 40s.

I genuinely don't need to drink very

much anymore for me to notice it the

following day. Do you know what I mean?

You go out for dinner, have a couple of

drinks, not excessive, I promise. Yet,

the next morning, I'm thinking, why do I

feel like I have lost half a day here?

So, I'm more conscious about what I

drink now. But it's also why I was

skeptical when I first tried Cheers

because there are so many products that

make enormous promises about how you're

going to feel the next morning. But what

surprised me actually having taken these

little beauties. They smelled very good.

Trust me, uh was that the next day I

actually noticeably felt more like

myself. Sharper, more switched on, uh

ready to get on with the day. It's not

that I want something that encourages me

to drink more. I want something that

fits around drinking responsibly and

helps me feel better the following day.

As alcohol leaves your system, your

brain can go into what's called a

rebound. Cheers contains DHM, which

helps buffer that rebound while you

sleep. I take uh Restore after my last

drink or before I go to bed. And if you

want to try it, uh, the great news is

you can get 20% off your entire order

right now at chairshealth.com

using the code outspoken. Their promise

is that you wake up feeling at least 50%

better or you get your money back. So

just head right now to cheersalth.com,

use the code outspoken. I will put a

link in the description box below the

show. But now back to it.

>> Yes, there's going to be radio silence

on this. I mean I when I saw the Mike

Tapley and Maguire connection I was

quite shocked myself. I mean but then he

came out of nowhere. You know it's very

unusual for an MP. We've seen lots of

MPs in passing have a quick conversation

perhaps when they have been being

interviewed on you know any [snorts]

sort of TV show or an interview or

something where they're like what do you

think about Harry and Megan? And it is

often in passing you've had a few people

say that they think that they should

have security and that's the end of it.

They say their peace on it or they say

no absolutely not and you don't hear

anymore. Mike Tap has suddenly come out

of nowhere and he is everywhere talking

about how important it is for Harry and

Megan to have their attach when he has

an MP who's meant to represent the

public yet 98% of the public don't want

this. So why would he go against 98% of

the British public? Do you see what I'm

saying? You have

>> a politician.

>> Well, exactly. But there but there is

but there is a personal connection I

think because most

>> yes there is there there is and he

should be using his time as an MP with

the problems that do and Kent have got

right now to be concentrated on that. If

he's getting airtime on news channels he

should be concentrating about that. It

was no different to when they were in

America and they started getting Gavin

Newsome to speak out for them who came

out publicly and defended them because

they hadn't given their tax returns in.

It's so bizarre the reach that this

couple seemed to have. But again, this

is someone who is in a position of power

inside his majesty's government that is

connected to their PR person. They are

friends. And now all of a sudden he's

using his position and his platform, his

voice as an MP to try and again

manipulate the public into thinking,

"Oh, well, an MP's on board. This this

must be taken seriously." It's rather

shocking, but again, I'm so bamboozled

as to so many people that get involved

with this couple and then start fighting

their corner. But then when you connect

the dots, you soon understand why. So, I

don't know who it was that uncovered

that connection, but well done to them.

But it is rather shocking. And of

course, the connections to Shabina

Mimmude with Harryounding her

constantly. It's Yeah, they are really,

really in dangerous waters, aren't they?

I mean, they have been sticking their

toe into that pool for a long time. But

it's obvious that they are throwing

their weight around their position of

Harry being the son of the king, using

their titles, now using their children.

It is all about getting the security

reinstated and it's truly truly shocking

behavior.

>> Tash, just when the British royal family

needs some peace, we learn that the

Daily Mail has now agreed or paid big

money most likely to serialize the

Charles Spencer book. That is, of

course, Princess Diana's brother. The uh

book expected to potentially contain

bombshells in regards to the British

royal family could be negative

information about the king and maybe

Prince William. We don't know though.

But the Mail want everyone to know that

they have the book and it is likely to

start being serialized this weekend

given it is officially released on

Tuesday.

And they have now reported that this

book is so sought after, which it is

really, that several copies of the book

have been taken in a raid on a Dutch

lorry. Now, I know a lot of people are

saying this is the Daily Mail just

wanting to stoke publicity around their

serialization. Maybe, maybe, but Tash, I

mean, I think back to the days of Diana,

her true story, the Andrew Morton book

being serialized, and that was

serialized by the Sunday Times in the

United Kingdom. and quite famously, I

think it was Rebecca Brooks, the editor

at the time, but I don't know, so so

don't quote me on that. But News of the

World actually sending reporters into

the printing plant because they shared

the same office of the Sunday Times in

order to scupper their serialization. So

there would be a real motivation for

another outlet to actually receive a

copy of this book before it is released.

>> Anyway, here's the Males reporting on

it. They say copies of El Spencer's

sensational book about Princess Diana

have been stolen from a lorry just

before its exclusive serialization in

the Daily Mail. The memoir song Diana

Myister includes revelations about

Diana's deeply unhappy marriage with the

then Prince of Wales. Now they'll know

that Tash, you see, because they will

have seen the seen the book. It will all

be ready to go. So that's the first

confirmation that he is going to in some

way talk about Diana's marriage to

Charles. It also describes the crisis

that engulfed the royal family after her

death in a car crash almost 30 years

ago. Last night, a publishing insider

said Earl Spencer has kept his silence

for nearly 30 years. And what he has to

say about the king's reaction when Diana

died is utterly devastating.

But in an astonishing development, the

Mail can reveal that a truck packed with

thousands of copies of the book was

broken into after it was parked

overnight in a layby in the Netherlands

earlier this week. Just four copies,

which had been wrapped in black plastic

to hide their contents, was stolen, and

what publishing sources believe could

have been an audacious plot to steal the

highly anticipated book of the year

before it hits the shelves. Dutch police

are investigating the mysterious

break-in with theories among industry

insiders about who was responsible,

ranging from a gang of opportunistic

thieves to a misguided but highly

informed supporter of the royal family.

"It's extremely suspicious," one

publishing source said last night,

"Nothing like this has ever happened

before. This is probably the biggest

book of the year and the security

surrounding it has been incredibly

tight. Every possible precaution has

been taken to prevent it from being

leaked ahead of its serialization.

Therefore, this unprecedented incident

is being taken extremely seriously.

Swansong is due to be published

worldwide next Tuesday with the Mail

publishing an exclusive serialization

before the memoir is available in

bookshops. Here's the key line. Tash

Buckingham Palace is understood to be

braced for a string of shocking

revelations that threatened to reopen

the wounds of the former Prince and

Princess of Wales highly acrimonious

split and eventual divorce. The male

understands that a lorry with the books

left a printing plant in central Europe

on Monday on its way to a warehouse in

the Netherlands before copies were

distributed to Dutch bookshelves.

and sources at Penguin, which is

publishing the book, were only told

about it at 3:30 p.m. yesterday. But

Tash, to me, what's much more

interesting than the actual theft

itself, is the fact that we now have the

Daily Mail, which has seen the book,

which is serializing the book,

describing the revelations as being

absolutely devastating. We must remember

Earl Spencer is not an ally of Prince

William, certainly not an ally of King

Charles, but is a major ally of Prince

Harry.

Yeah, I've got a lot of mixed feelings

about this book and none of them are

good. I'll be honest with you. He might

be Diana's brother, but he spent a large

number of years being pretty much a

strained estranged from her. He she has

been dead for 30 years. He doesn't have

any current memories of his sister. Um

there are many stories that came out

that he wasn't exactly the most

comforting of brothers when she'd

reached out to him several times. There

are many stories that have come out over

the years about how she wasn't that

close to her brother for various

reasons. When I look at Charles Spencer

as the man that he is, he is the

gatekeeper of Diana's final resting

place. And then recently, he's allowed

Harry and Megan to obviously go there.

We know that they have taken pictures

holding the flowers on their way to lay

them at Diana's grave site. He is on his

third or fourth divorce. I've lost

count. I don't care that much for him,

but he needed money. And after

gatekeeping his sister for all these

years, he is now selling her out. And I

think he is just as disgusting as Harry

and Megan for doing this. I think Diana

is never going to be allowed to rest.

And then when she's got her son and her

brother doing this to her. And yes, we

already know that he's no fan of

Charles. But to do this now, I think

it's little more than a money grab. It's

not about getting Diana's story out

there. He doesn't even know Diana's

story anymore. This is going to be

serialized. It's going to be dramatized.

It might as well be a book written by

the creators of The Crown. It's going to

be there for the impact. And as we know

with a lot of the stuff that Harry put

in his book, most of that turned out to

be utter bollocks. It was designed to

make people buy the book to be shocked,

to be horrified, to be mortified. And he

is going to do exactly the same.

>> Tash, I want to return to this whole

story about Meghan Markle doxing herself

and the consequences of it because we

have now learned that there are direct

consequences

in terms of paparazzi. this as Megan

launches this plan. And come on, we've

just got to laugh about this to become

>> I'm still angry about the Diana book. I

was on I know, I know, but she's going

to become the queen of the Cotswwell's

tach. But look, you take a little break.

You take a little break cuz what we're

going to do is move over to Substack to

continue the conversation because there

is so much breaking royal news today. Uh

you can join us there of course at

www.outspoken.live

where our paid monthly and annual

Substack subscribers get full access to

the Royal Unce.

And you can watch live or on demand,

whichever you prefer. My paid monthly

and annual subscribers at Subseek allow

me to keep this business independent

outside of the mainstream media and

outside of the royal wrote. I would love

to see you there. Dan Wilson outspoken

is your no spin, no bias, no censorship

outlet for independent news. We have no

big tech backing or billionaires pulling

my strings, [music] but that does mean I

need your support. So, please hit

subscribe on YouTube, turn on the

notification bell, and subscribe to Dan

Morton Outspoken on Spotify or Apple

Podcasts. It's totally free, but allows

me to continue my promise to always keep

fighting for you.


