The Sussexes say they were surprised by

the king ruling out a royal rule. Surely

Mexit means Mexit as the Sun says in on

its front page.

>> Yeah. And here in the States, I'm being

asked if this is a diss what a diss

which I said I don't really think so. I

think ultimately it's a clarification.

It's not like the king said anything

that we didn't know already. The

Sussexes do not represent the sovereign.

That's all he's stating. They're not

representing him in any capacity in the

United Kingdom. Any charity work they

do, any commercial ventures they pursue

is as private citizens. And Peter, the

fact that the Sussex's would express any

frustration regarding this statement,

which is just regurgitating the same

kind of talking points from the

Sandringham Summit 2020, tells me that

they were counting on the palace's never

complain, never explain strategy, that

they'd hoped that the the palace

wouldn't say anything and that they

could enjoy the optics of the half in

half out in moving back to the UK and

pursuing some of these ventures. Um, and

they just wanted to look like working

royals. And now the king has put the

hammer down and and interrupted that in

my opinion.

>> We've seen Harry in public for the first

time since returning to the UK. What's

he been up to?

>> Well, it we think that he was recording

a podcast at Towerbridge Studio, but we

don't know exactly what he was

recording. I know that Diary of a CEO is

recorded there and and some apprentice

um productions are are recorded there.

Whether Harry is qualified to appear on

either one of those shows, I' I'd say I

don't think so. But perhaps he's

recording something independently there.

Do you remember when the Wall Street

Journal reported that his pitches to

Spotify were interviews with the Pope

and Putin and Trump? Maybe he got maybe,

who knows, Peter, you know, maybe he,

>> you know, I I saw a sweep of wipe of of

sweep of white around Tar Bridge. We're

not too far away. I mean, maybe maybe

the Pope has gone in there. You never

know.

>> You never know. So I I'm assuming he was

recording something.

>> Maybe said to the staff, "Get me the

Pope." And they said, "Harry, I think

that might be a little bit tricky." And

then he said, "Are you a Vatican or a

Vatican?"

>> Exactly. That is why you get the big

bucks because [laughter] you've got the

dad jokes in in your pocket. Um Yeah.

No, I I think that he was probably

recording something related to one of

his charities. Um, but ultimately the,

you know, here the Sussexes are

overshadowing the fourth anniversary of

the Queen's death. We could be spending

the day not only talking about Prince

George's future, our future king. Well,

your future king, my future king, you

know, he's mine, too. And the the legacy

that Queen Elizabeth left us, and here

are the Sussex's disrupting it. They

could have taken a beat. They could have

waited a day or two,

>> but then it wouldn't be all about them,

Kinsey. And of course, everything has to

be all about them. One thing that's not

about them is the fact that Prince

George will be heading off to Eaton

College, following in his father's

footsteps quite literally.

>> It's it's the sweetest visuals we've

gotten out of Windsor today. Um, and

official photos from the Prince and

Princess of Wales on their Instagram of

Prince George in his uniform. You

looking not as nervous as I had

anticipated. Prince George looks

excited, enthusiastic, joyful. He's

ready to start this new chapter in his

life. I've talked to several oldians

who've told me that this is a great

opportunity for Prince George to figure

out who he is beyond what he already

knows his responsibilities will be in

the future. um he's going to excel

according to them because he's already

so sporty and apparently that's a very

popular thing around Eaton and they'd

say that you know he's going to be

treated like any other young man and

that he will really appreciate that as

he gets older and this job does become

uh realistic for him.

>> It's interesting that uh both William

and Harry were known as William Wales

and Harry Wales when they were at Eaton.

Do we know if he'll be called George

Wales?

I'm not sure yet. That's a great

question. That's something I'll have to

find out. Um, but it, you know, he's

going to be around other people that

come from very impressive backgrounds

and high-profile individuals. And I

think that that's probably the best case

scenario because he won't be treated any

differently from those people.

>> And when you look to the future of the

royal family, I mean, clearly they're

they're the Wales and the Sussexes

aren't on speaking terms, but the king

is more consiliatory. when you look to

the future and I I don't want to think

about a world where King Charles is not

around because he's a great guy and I'm

delighted that he is the king of this

country. The problem I suppose is when

you know if William becomes well when

William becomes king there's going to be

all of the Sussex drama is just going to

be uh perhaps even worse or do you think

perhaps the passage of time will help

things?

>> Time they do say that time heals all

wounds. I think that Harry and Megan

have a problem committing to anything.

And I'm not necessarily convinced that

they will stay in the United Kingdom. Uh

so I don't know how, you know, much

they're going to be disrupt disruptive

to a King William reign because they

could be in Australia by then or Canada.

They just typically seem to go where the

wind takes them, which is not what we

love about the monarchy. We love

stability.

>> I mean, I was looking at some of this

stuff, Charlotte, and I just found

myself sighing in despair. You know,

it's like we're going back in time. You

know, this idea that apparently Harry

and Megan said they were surprised at

the king's letter, which we talked about

on last night's show, stating they're

not working royals after their return to

the UK. It's almost like we've got we've

returned quite quickly to this tit and

forth thing between the Sussexes and the

Palace. And I think most people are just

going, you've not learned a thing, have

you? Do you know I actually reported on

this a couple of weeks ago because a

friend of a friend was catching up with

Harry and Megan once they got back to

the UK and they said they were astounded

that Megan and Harry have not changed or

learned a thing in six years. And I sort

of thought, well, that that makes sense.

But here we have the proof. They still

cannot resist giving an itemized rundown

of how that big statement came out. So

what they did was they released the

timings to the media. So, they said that

at 1:59 the Sussex office got the

statement and Harry didn't read it until

3:09 p.m. today, but 3 minutes earlier

it had been released to the media. So,

any the point was they were giving a

minute by minute blowby-blow of how they

got the statement and it was really tick

for tat. They were complaining about it

essentially, which I think was a real

own goal of theirs. And the other thing

that really astounded me is that, you

know, they really well they've just

learned nothing. They've just learned

nothing. We're right back to where we

were. It's like 2020 all over again.

>> That's what it feels like. What is it,

Charlotte? What's your take on this? I

mean, I'll be quite blunt about this. Is

it arrogance? Is it stupidity? Is it

naivity? How would you call it?

>> Well, I think it's really naive of them

to think that they could rework the

statement from the king from for by Lord

Benyan. It had clearly been worked on

for a long time by very very senior

aids. And what they were complaining

about today was we didn't have a chance

to respond. There were a couple of

points that we wanted to just adjust.

And it's like hold on a minute since

when do you get to adjust really really

senior you know members of the royal

household releasing very very formal

statements essentially from the king. So

I think there's a lot of naivity and

then the other thing is they're doing

their playbook and what their playbook

is is behave like su p s p s p s p s p s

p s p s p s p s p sse pseudo royals kind

of try and bounce the king into various

things um such as you know making them

half in half out and I think their

playbook was we'll act like we're half

in half out we'll be in the UK and

eventually the king will just let us be

half in half out and what today was all

about was no we know that playbook now

we can see that you've done that several

times there's lots and lots of fat

accompany and being bounced into things

that Megan and Harry tribe with the king

and he's not having it anymore.

>> You say naivity, but there's got to be a

bit of arrogance rolled into this

surely.

>> Oh well, yeah, there is arrogance.

There's always arrogance with Harry. I I

think it's a a mixture of all three. I

think I think with Megan there is still

a bit of naivity. It just astounds me

really that she still doesn't really

know how the royal system works after

all these years. But yeah, I mean we

know Harry's arrogant. you know, he gave

an an interview to the Guardian from the

Ukraine a few months ago and, you know,

he sounded incredibly arrogant, still

very angry, still wants to change the

system and and very not very much not

accepting that this is how it is. I I

just wonder whether now he's read this

very formal statement whether he'll

finally gain some acceptance.

>> Well, you'd hope so. I just think most

of our viewers and listeners here at

Talk will find it staggering that both

he and her have not not learned a thing.

Uh, talking of Harry, um, he's been

clocked, hasn't he, out in public for

the first time?

>> Yes, he went to a studios, uh, a studios

in Tower Bridge. I think it was a

podcast studios and, uh, he's doing some

sort of mystery project. And I wonder

whether that had anything to do with the

fact that he didn't have his phone on.

So, one of the big reasons for the bust

up today was that the statement went to

the Sussex office. Um, and Harry didn't

actually see it until after the media

had got it because he'd been locked in

the studio for an hour. So, it makes me

think possibly he's doing a podcast

because that's the only reason you turn

your phone off as if you're actually

kind of doing something in a studio and

he was in fact in a studio and also it

probably rattled the royal family a

little bit that he was in that studio

because there he is behaving like a

royal and I think that letter just

establishes look you may see in the

coming months and weeks the Sussex is

behaving like royals doing events posing

for pictures but but don't get confused

they are not members of the royal family

they're not working morals

>> and you know what I mean just just

hearing hearing you talk there

Charlotte. It's quite depressing, isn't

it? Because you and I, if we had any

role in this, we would advise them to

behave in a completely different way.

And they could play this in a very

different way that would see them slowly

get a bit more love from the public and

quite a long way to go and, you know,

get a bit more acceptance from

Buckingham Palace, but they're just not

seeing it at all, are they?

>> They're not. [clears throat] And I think

we're going to see a lot of Harry in

coming weeks. And if I was advising him,

I would have said lay low. Yeah.

>> Do one or two events because he always

does a couple of events in September

anyway. And you know, Megan is laying

there. We haven't seen her yet. But

Lelo, play the game. You know, give it

six months. He know we know he's going

to be here for at least six months

because he said so himself. Why the

rush? Why the rush to leap to the Sunday

Times that he was going to have his own

Royal Rotor and that Megan was going to

start doing charity work for Smart Works

again? You know, that's just going to

wind up those men in gray suits that he

despises so much and it will be a war

all over again.

Let's just uh focus the final bit of our

chat on the three people who know how to

behave like royals. I'm talking about

Prince George arriving at Eaton for his

first day today. Some lovely well

walking confidently ahead of his mom and

dad, the Prince and Princess of Wales.

Um there he is, Prince George first day

at Eaton. And of course, you know, um

following in his father's footsteps.

>> I know. And I just feel so sad for

Prince George. This is such an important

special day. Looked brilliant. And what

was it overshadowed by? a picture of

Harry in a podcast studio, the drama

with the royal family. And this is a day

he's obviously been, you know, building

towards for quite some time. But anyway,

I tried to ignore the Sussex stuff when

he arrived at Eaton and just focus on

him because he looks really handsome,

really, really mature. He's as tall as

his mother now and his, you know,

Princess Wales is very tall and um

they're really glorious pictures and,

you know, it's been four years since the

Queen died as well this week. So, there

are lots of happier sides to remember of

the royal family this week, not just the

drama. Today marks four years since the

queen died. Can you believe that? Four

years. I mean, it either to me feels

like it was 10 years ago or it was last

year. I can't quite decide which way

round it is. Um, uh, Prince George, the

13-year-old future king, has attended

his first day at Eaton College, which of

course is the school his father went to.

Um, and, uh, it it's just quite a busy

time for the royals. But the biggest

story around is that King Charles has

issued official guidance clarifying that

Prince Harry and Megan Markle remain

nonworking members of the royal family

uh following their relocation back to

the UK. In a letter sent on the

monarch's behalf the by the Lord

Chamberlain, palace officials confirmed

that the Duke and Duchess operate

strictly as private citizens and will

not perform official state duties or be

able to use their HR

titles. Well, a spokesperson for the

Duke and Duchess of Sussex said that the

couple were surprised by the release of

the guidance and they didn't get a

chance to alter or or push back on some

of the points that were made. I'd love

to know what they would have been. Uh,

and they were caught off guard after not

being informed about the announcement in

advance. And my understanding is that

the palace announced to them, I think it

was about it was 67 minutes earlier. uh

but then that everybody else got it

including the media. So there wouldn't

be any my understanding is any

opportunity for this couple to use that

letter to their advantage or to use it

at all. That is my understanding. But I

tell you who will know better than I and

that is Robert Hardman who is a Daily

Mail columnist and author of Elizabeth

II, the inside story. It's uh it's

really good to see you Robert. Thank you

for joining me. Um first of all let's

start with the respect due to the queen

uh because it's four years and this

story has kind of overtaken uh

everything else but it is worth

remembering our fabulous former queen.

>> Yeah. Um absolutely poetry good evening.

I mean this is uh officially this is

accessession day um the day of what the

end of one reign and the start of

another. I mean like you um I I find

it's it's a it's a day of very very

mixed feelings. I mean she was the most

extraordinary monarch. We were very

lucky to have her and uh and and and

that that was a remarkable um 10day

period of mourning. Um but I I do think

what we've seen since is a very steady

hand on the tiller. I mean the reign of

the king the his critics in advance was

saying oh she'll be an impossible um set

of shoes to fill. um you know it's all

going to go wrong and it hasn't it's

been very steady and the king I think

has has um has has has really uh you

know put down he he's now one of the the

the most sort of the the longest serving

monarchs actually I mean tomorrow for

example Prince Williams on his way to

the funeral of the king of Norway so I

mean things move on um but as you say um

yeah the story of the moment is the

Sussex's and this letter um which on the

one hand is is a sort of so what letter

it's it's a statement of the status quo.

It doesn't change anything at all. It

merely uh reasserts the position that's

really been the position for the last

six years, which is that uh Harry and

Megan are not working members of the

royal family. But obviously the timing

um you know raises all sorts of

questions. Why now? Why just as they've

come back? And I think it's in part

because uh a lot of uh organizations

around the country are starting to sort

of get messages that you know the the

Sussexes might be dropping in. They

might be coming to visit this charity.

what are we supposed to do? Normally if

you have a royal visit in your neck of

the woods then the monarch's

representative in each county who's

called the Lord left tenant is expected

to put on a uniform or a suit or a lady

lord left tenant uh put on her badge of

office um and and get ready to welcome

and and a lot of the uh officers around

the country are wondering well what are

we supposed to do and I think this is

just uh reinforcing the point uh uh to

anyone who might be in any doubt that

they are uh they're here as private

citizens that's fine

Um, but you're not expected to bow,

curtsy, or um, uh, do anything uh, you

know, official. You don't have to, um,

call them their royal highness. Um, and

I think there was some concern that the

some of the briefings since they

returned to Britain seemed to be

pointing towards them returning to some

sort of quai royal uh, operation. And I

think this letter just um, you know, in

a very sort of regal way that just says

uh-uh, not happening. The question for

for me is although I do understand that

the Lord Lord lieutenants needed to know

this, people needed to know what what

the status was, right? Although we did

know, does did this feel like a message

to them as well? Did this feel like that

they were being put back in a box that

they were in danger of climbing out of?

>> Uh, well, I think that's how they're

sort of framing it from what we gather.

I mean their staff are saying that they

were surprised by this. I mean the fact

is that everything that the that the

Sussex's do tends to be a matter of

surprise. They enjoy um doing thing. I

mean I think back six years ago to that

that January evening in 2020 when

suddenly bombshell drops we're off.

We're leaving. Um you know every step of

the way has been a bombshell drama. You

know oh we're doing this at Prolimry

interview. Um we're not saying what's in

it. Suddenly you know bombshells drop.

bombshell Netflix documentary, bombshell

Harry's memoir, Spare, Bombshell

interviews here, there, and everywhere

in in the run-up to that. So, um I I I

think you know it's not really the the

the normal way that that that the the

monarchy operates to just sort of um

spring surprises on people. But, um I

think in this instance um it's it has

been a case of um you know um uh getting

the message out there before, as you

said, before it gets uh um you know,

possibly reinterpreted in advance. I

think I think the palace is getting its

its rebuttal in early.

The timing, as you mentioned, is

interesting. They've been back for two

weeks now, but also there are

discussions uh ongoing about the type of

security that this couple should be

awarded on behalf of the British

taxpayer, right? They they want 24/7 uh

police protection. Uh they want uh they

that would have to be paid for by the

taxpayer um because the police can't be

uh hired by private entities. So Harry

and Megan,

from what I've heard, or maybe it's just

from their people, suspect that this has

got something to do with that that that

this will this will somehow scupper any

deal that they might have to get this

24/7 taxpayer funded uh police

protection.

Uh yeah, I mean I I think that's sort of

um probably pushing the conspiracy

theory a bit far that this letter is is

somehow a strategic way of um of

steering the RAVC committee on on um VIP

security to a particular conclusion. I

mean yeah the RAVC committee um which

has been looking at this issue um for a

very long time um will will will draw

its own conclusions. I mean Harry's um

grievance is that um you know there is a

royal household representative on there.

Um but that that's sort of as it were

the only the only person batting for

him. But I mean as you say it's it's

taxpayers money. Ultimately it comes

down to the home office. Ultimately this

is not a matter for the monarchy. It's a

matter for the government. Um you know I

think it's as with so many things to do

with the royal family. We assume that

the king is a sort of absolute ruler who

can just sort of wave a scepter and

things happen and he can't. I mean, it's

paid for by the taxpayer. It's run by

the taxpayer. It's it's the same with

all sorts of other things from the laws

of succession to the coronation act.

They're all actually laid down by

parliament. Parliament ultimately votes

on this stuff. Um so, uh you know, the

the letter may in in in sort of

reminding people they're private

citizens. Some people may well that's

that's a further reason why they

shouldn't get um taxpayer funded

security. I mean ultimately I think most

people most right-minded people will

think well it it depends on the threat.

Um and and as with so much to do with

security it's it's not discussed it's

not public clearly if there is a serious

threat a known threat then it's it's

absolutely incumbent on the government

office everybody else to to to act

accordingly. Um but um you know the the

idea

>> would they would they protect me though

with the same I'm a private citizen as

well.

>> Well actually yes they would. I mean if

you think about it the protect witness

protection schemes um you know former

politicians who are deemed to be a risk

get get I mean I think back to Salman

Rashi the author when there was that on

him he had a very extensive security

operation far more extensive um than

applied to um several politicians at the

time. So these things are done on a on a

sort of casebyase basis, but I mean I

think the idea that um that the Sussexes

are going to get out police outr

rididers for the school run, it ain't

going to happen.

>> No. Um finally, Robert, what fascinates

me about these particular uh uh or this

particular couple is they have a very

expensive lifestyle. They're still

keeping the house in Monteito

uh and they've got to pay for that. I'm

I'm sure they're not broke, right? But

they're going to have to earn money

while they're in the UK if they're not

being paid by the royal purse. Could

that be more embarrassing to the king uh

to the monarchy how [snorts] they earn

money when they're in the UK? There were

rumors that Harry's making a film about

his mother. Uh you know, there but they

like money, right? and and it seems if

she goes into a Guy Richie TV series

that could be ultimately incredibly

embarrassing.

>> I mean, yes, the the there is that that

sort of trade-off. I mean, if if uh you

know, if the monarchy is is saying,

well, they're private citizens, and this

letter makes it very clear, then the

monarchy can't really complain if they

then behave like celebrities. I mean,

effectively, the letter is saying, look,

the the these people are are

celebrities, not royalty. Um so if they

get out of the celebrity route you know

that that's sort of in a way to be

expected. Um I I think on the other hand

I mean what really gives them their

their appeal and what makes them um

sellable and marketable around the world

as they've discovered over the last six

years frankly is their royal connection.

I mean they've tried to be interesting

about making jam or making programs

about polo or or telling us all about um

the uh I mean if you can actually get

through the mission statement on the

Archer World website. Well done, but

it's to do with sort of cultural impact

with positive verticals in compassion

and something or other. Um now um you

know that's all good and well but it

it's it's not very lucrative and what

what actually why they are um uh you

know still an A-list um commodity is

their royal connections. So I think they

have to if they want to keep those

they've got to carry on um behaving at

least with a sort of modicum of of royal

decency. So, I don't expect and also,

you know, I I you know, they're

grown-ups. I I can't see them doing

anything kind of crazy. I don't think

we're going to see them going into, you

know, I'm a celebrity, get me out of

here.

>> I was just going to say we could see

them in the jungle dancing. Well,

[laughter]

you know, not not yet. At any rate, I

think I eventually somewhere they go,

>> but as you say, they've got bills to

pay. I mean, you know, they they they've

moved over here. Some people say, well,

they've come here because they've run

out of money. Well, that would be rather

odd given that they've now gone from two

houses to three. They've got one in

>> California, one in Portugal, and now

they're taking on one here plus some

school fees. So, you know, life is

getting more expensive, but they are,

you know, they are they are

much in demand for many things. Um, you

as you've said that the duchess could

have a role lined up. Harry's got his

charity work, but he can still um

command big ticket um fees for for you

know, making speeches and that sort of

thing. So I I I think you know I think

the the income streams will be uh will

be enough to keep them going. Um but

>> they can take a few tips from Fergie if

they want to know how to survive with no

money. Huh.

>> Well maybe [laughter] not maybe not go

that far. And we haven't heard from her.

We haven't we haven't even talked about

what's she going to be doing next. She's

now back. She's now back in the country.

>> Um and you know royal royal term

resumes. As I say, tomorrow though on

the world stage there will be the Prince

of Wales um uh representing the king uh

in Norway at the funeral um of of King

Harold. We've just had the the king

hosting the prime minister. You know,

proper proper royal stuff is happening,

folks.

>> Proper royal stuff. And I just imagine

that the triad there of Fergie and Megan

and Harry getting together to plot. I I

I I've got too big an imagination. This

story does seem to be dominating the um

the news headlines and Harry and uh and

Megan have only got themselves to blame.

I mean they from day one the moment they

went on that freedom flight they where

they wanted to get away from the royal

family and this letter from the Lord

Chancellor was just a reiteration of the

initial agreement the Sandringham

agreement and just saying you're not

half in half out and that's what's ging

the Sussexes because they see themselves

slightly better than the average citizen

and that they should be treated

differently but they yes he's a member

of the royal family by birth, but he's

chosen to lead a separate life. And I

think that is finally why the Lord

Chancellor said, "You've come back to

this country. Let's just remind you of

the ground rules." And that's what's

irked the Sussexes.

>> Because here's the thing that you're so

right about. If you walk away, and I

remember you and I talking at the time,

both saying that's their choice, but

then all you do is sustain a career by

slagging off that very thing. And then

when you've called it racist and slagged

it off and made money and you realize

the money is running out, the American

dream is dead. Nobody believes a word

that comes out of your manipulative

mouths, you then try and come back. And

somebody told me last week that they had

it in their minds that they would come

back. They they they wouldn't be, you

know, public royals, but they'd start

going to charity events and they get

lots of exposure and the press would

follow them and then naturally the

security and everything would fall into

place. I absolutely salute Charles. I I

I I genuinely do. It had to be done

because if it hadn't been done, he would

have given the impression that his son

could play him. I mean, there's the

separation between being a father and

being the monarch, right?

>> Absolutely. This is a duty and there

always problem though. Let's be honest.

Whenever Megan and Harry, whatever they

do now, there will be extra levels of

media attention. And that I think is

something we can't get away. We know

there will be interest in whatever they

do. So they may be a private citizen but

they will now try and prove look at me

and there's going to be a lot of look at

me stuff going on now and saying look

how how good we are and we are private

citizens and that's what they're going

to be which might again create some

difficulties for the royal family

because all for instance it will look

like here we go here's Harry doing his

royal stuff even though he's not a

member a working member of the royal

family so they've still got issues with

this but I think It just does say right

now you've got to be very careful that

you don't overstep the mark here and are

seen to be doing things which aren't

within the spirit of the Sandringham

agreement. Yes, you've got your

charities. He's got Wellchild. He's got

Scotty Little Soldiers. He's got

Invictus Games.

>> Are these charities he hasn't fallen out

with and been fired from? He's still in

those, is he?

>> He's still in those. And then you've got

Megan has still got I think a couple of

patronises that she's here. One of them

is one that helps women get a leg up in

business called Smart Works which she's

patron of. So we might see her putting

her head above the parapit and helping

there. So there will be times when they

will sort of lean on their sort of royal

in not royal connections but their

status but they definitely see

themselves as better uh and more

important.

>> If you strip it down the queen was

adamant it was all in or all out. None

of this half in half. And I think that's

absolutely right. to think your average

Brit whether they're a royalist or not

will go hold on a minute. You can't have

that privilege. You can't have what

comes with that if you're not doing

anything. It's a bit like being the

people who want to be on the the

long-term unemployed and say, "I don't

have to look for a job anymore. I'm

going to do that." They have to put it

in. I I think that the I thought that

the king was right to do it. I I also

think the move back is interesting. I

haven't had you on for a while and I

wanted to say this and a lot of people

think I'm mad. I think it ticks many

boxes. They're back in the United

Kingdom. I think for Henry, for Henry,

for Harry, I I think that, you know, he

can he wants to be a house husband. I

think he's got his kids back here. I

I've said this before and I'll say it

again. I think this is the beginning of

them splitting. I've always thought

this. I think she'll end up back in

America and I think the kids will be the

issue. Definitely.

>> Well, look, I they're reportedly in my

neck of the woods in the North

Cotswwell. I can tell you the chattering

classes here have greeted their arrival

around here if they are confirmed to be

living around here with eye rolling

indifference and you know whichever

school they've gone to. But I think when

it gets dark at about 4:00 from the end

of October to the sort of March and

we're in deep mid- winter, not sure

Megan's going to love this part of the

world. So expect her to be flying back

to California pretty regularly to make

sure with her as ever hat on. That's

what it will be said. Look, I've got

business trips to go back to America to

run my um business, which doesn't seem

to be um making too many inroads within

the American psyche. Uh it's all right.

The odd bit of apple butter. I think

that's the new thing. And she's going to

be launching some white wine. So, I

expect to see her traveling back quite

often. And of course, there's reports

that she's maybe hanging out and having

morning coffee at Soho Farmhouse, which

is not 2 million miles away from where I

live. And I'm sure you go regularly,

Jeremy. Um, you take the family there

for the weekend. Uh, do you by any

chance, Jeremy? Have you have you been

inside Soho Farmhouse? Just checking.

>> Just a couple just a couple of times,

bloody, but we don't need to bring that

up. I'm looking forward.

>> Well, WHAT I'M YOU MIGHT BUMP into Megan

and then you can have a lovely chat with

her when you

>> I wouldn't have a lovely chat. I can't

I'm sorry. I cannot I love the queen too

much. I understand the monarchy needs to

be more trans transparent. I know there

are things that people disagree with. I

think that a couple of grifters, I think

you shouldn't get what they want for not

putting anything in. I think she's

manipulative and I think that everything

that comes out of their mouths, there's

a reason and an ulterior motive to it.

That's my problem with it, Belly. Oh,

that's I think they want their cake. Uh,

and they want to eat it. And that is the

royal family have finally said, "No, you

can't. You've now got to operate as a

private citizen. Do whatever you want

commercially." Use the Tindles as an

example. uh you know they get on with

their life. They have commercial deals

and there's no fuss, no bother. They

they obviously have to be mindful of the

PR what who they get involved with

because they think about it and they are

managing to have a successful life. You

always remind me of the old man um

because you have the same set of values

because he did royal service. I love

talking to you about a story that

seemingly goes nowhere because people

want to talk about and then they ring up

and they go why are we talking about

Harry and Megan? because it's absolutely

box office news, isn't it? Um earlier in

the week, of course, we had the Lord

Chamberlain releasing this statement for

the king that nobody ever thought the

king would do. The Charles would have

the strength to do that, but basically

came out and said, "Listen, right, it's

really simple. You're not going to be

royalty. You're private citizens. You're

not getting HR. You're not getting

credence. You're not getting security.

You've come here as private."

>> He was just reiterating what was agreed

in 2020

>> at the Sandringham Summit.

>> Yeah. And that was inspired by your late

boss, the queen, because she did not

want, and I absolutely stand with her on

this. She didn't want this halfin

halfout fate phrase that came out.

>> She had it before with Edward and Sophie

way back in 1999 when they got married.

Edward was a film producer. Sophie was a

public relations consultant and it went

pear-shaped because Sophie got caught in

a sting. Edward was always criticized

because he said he would never trade on

his royal connections, but most of his

programs were royal. And didn't he do an

undercover or didn't he do a program

about Prince William at St. Andrews

University?

>> No. What happened there? They were doing

they were doing a documentary and his

team went up there with the media for a

press facility of William arriving at

St. Andrews. Perfectly legit. But the

message was very clear to the media.

When it's over, you're done. Out. And

they stayed on.

>> Right.

>> And that's where it went. S.

>> So she was the queen was impacted by

what happened with Edward and Sophie.

And so when Sandringham arrived and they

Mexit, Mexit, whatever you call it, they

wanted to go. She was if you go, you're

gone. If you stay, you're in.

>> Exactly. She gave them a choice in or

out, but you can't have both. And they

chose out. And he, we all remember his

interview or whatever he said when he

said it is freedom flight.

>> Yeah.

>> Escaping from the UK, escaping from the

media, escaping from the royal family,

>> the racist institution.

>> The racist institution. uh five years,

several failed business attempts, now

friendless and skint in my humble

opinion. Not skint is your average alarm

clock Brit would mean it, but in terms

of opportunities in the states, back

they come. We haven't talked about this

in enough detail. Before we talk about

what the kings said and what that's had,

what do you think they expected coming

back here? I suppose they expected

everybody to roll over. Um, despite

everything that they said on Oprah, on

the Netflix series, in his books bear,

uh, welcome home. All is forgiven and

everything's going to be hunky dory. But

it's not. No. And, and people were

saying that they felt it was unfair that

the king did it when he did it. I

thought it was absolutely spot on the

money because they'd landed back. They

might have had their preconceived ideas

of what they thought was going to

happen. He was, in your words, merely

reiterating what had been agreed in

2020. The timing was clever, though, and

getting it done through the Lord

Chamber. I don't think in my lifetime

I've seen I I many times a monarch has

made a sort of public declaration about

a member of their own family.

>> No, they haven't. And what is quite

interesting, they're complaining, they

being the Sussexes complaining, they

they were only given an hour's notice.

Uh when they came back to the UK, they

had only told the king 3 days

beforehand. They didn't tell him when

they went for tea in July, and they knew

in July. Do they definitely because I

wanted to ask you this because it that's

impossible. Are you telling me that they

literally gave him 3 days notice or he

knew about it because people wrote that

he knew about it.

>> They wrote that he knew about it uh on

the Sunday before they arrived. They

arrived I think it was on the Wednesday

and uh he only knew about it on the

Sunday.

>> How did it not get out, Dicki? When

you're running around the Cotswords or

whatever they are looking at schools and

doing all that, it it didn't get out at

all. This wasn't on an You didn't think

this was going to happen, did you?

>> Well, I didn't think it was going to

happen. um and running around the

Cotswwells. In fact, nobody knew it was

happening. They were all caught on the

hop. Even even our great British

newspapers were caught on the hop that

they suddenly arrived and they announced

that they were looking in the Cotsworld.

The children were going to go to school

here. Um and everything seemed to be

planned well in advance, even when

probably they were doing a bit of ground

work when they were here in July. I I

read this morning I read this morning

that that they were surprised by by by

the letter uh making it clear they

remain non-working roles but it sort of

escalated overnight. Sources close to

them and that's the other thing with

them. There's always bloody sources

close to them have said that they would

much prefer to be public figures than

private citizens.

>> Well they are private citizens aren't

they? Private citizens if they want to

be public figures then do public work

and do public good. They they probably

think that they are doing public work

and public good. Give him his give him

his due. He's doing the Invictus Games.

Good job. Um, good for the veterans. Uh,

good for the country. Good for

recognition that these people who were

injured in combat have not been

forgotten and they're being given an

opportunity. But, you know, to come

waltsing in and expect everything to be

as it was before they're in cuckoo land.

I

>> I mean, that's my problem, right?

I said it earlier to to roof a bell. I

don't ever think there's anything

authentic or genuine about when they

open their mouths cuz to me there's

always an ulterior motive. They're

saying it to get a reaction. They're

saying it to achieve this. They're

saying it to achieve that. You're right

about Invictus. But to me, they've saw

they've soured the royal family in the

things that they've said in the image

and and and even if I wasn't a royalist,

why do you want to be back with

something that you've patently slagged

off to anybody and everybody?

[clears throat] That can only be that

can only be because you run out of

options. That's all I'm saying.

>> Interesting you say they've sed the

royal family. Uh the royal family is

much stronger than they will ever be and

they will survive far longer than they

will ever survive.

>> Do you think now they're back, they had

tea with the king and do you think

they'll start integrating? Obviously not

William and Kate with the other members

of the royal family.

>> I'm not sure. I think the other members

of the royal family will stand on the

sidelines and see which direction they

are going. Uh they don't want to be

caught in the crossfire. um they clearly

can't be trusted because everything that

is said to them eventually gets out to

through sources or whatever through the

Sussex team uh gets out into the media.

So, they're going to be very cy about

opening their front doors that quickly.

They'll stand on the sidelines and watch

which direction they're going

>> and and this preconceived belief that

they were going to come back and somehow

be fated that you said before and then

the king released this letter via the

Lord Chamberlain. Do you think that this

will mean that they won't last long in

the United Kingdom? That this will be a

sort of temporary thing. He wants to be

a house husband for 15 years. How long

do you think they'll be here?

>> I I'm not sure that they're here long

term. Um I firmly believe that they'll

go back to Monteito for Christmas. Uh

because that's where Megan's family,

when I say family,

>> doesn't see her family. That's half the

issue.

>> It's her mother. You know, everybody s

seems to talk about reconciliation with

the king. What about reconciliation with

Thomas Margle? Completely agree. And

listen, a lot of people won't agree with

me. I'm sure he was naive when he went

to the press. I think he was absolutely

done up like a kipper and didn't even

know what was coming at the bloke. He

should have been supported. Thomas

Markle,

>> he should have been supported, but she

has canled him left, right, and center.

Uh, and that's unforgivable. Um, it's

gone on long enough, and she's got to

make overtures.

>> Do you [laughter] think she's poisonous,

Dicky Arbiter?

>> Do I think she's poisonous? Uh, I

wouldn't trust her.

>> No. And you look at her own family and

then you look at Harry. We remember

despite some stupid moments when he was

growing up. We've all had that. His was

in the public eye. I look at the man now

and I and I remember what the kid was

like. And people always say to me, well,

you know, he lost his mother. So did

William. So did William.

>> We've all lost parents.

>> Yeah.

>> We've all lost parents. William lost

lost his mother. He mourns her, but he

doesn't mourn her in public. And he

doesn't hang on her coattails uh for

everything that he does. Harry seems to

think that everything he does is in her

name. It's not in her name. He's doing

it. It's in his name.

>> What do you think his mother, the late

Diana Spencer, would have said to him

about Meghan Markle?

>> Well, I don't think Harry would be in

this situation if he was still alive.

>> It's interesting. Why?

>> Uh, she would have seen through him.

>> Yeah. Through her.

>> I I I I agree.

>> She was very very astute, very clever

woman. She might have given off the

impression that well, she didn't have

any school exams and she often said

she's an airhead.

>> She knew people, didn't she?

>> She knew people. She was very street

wise. Uh, and she would have seen right

through that and Harry wouldn't have

ended up in that scenario anyway.

>> Do [snorts] do you do you So, you don't

think that they will um be here much

longer? The million-dollar question,

which I keep pushing and people keep

looking at me like I've landed from

Mars. He's got the kids back in the UK.

She's going to go backwards and forth to

to to California. Their marriage isn't

going to last, is it?

>> Well, it can't last. If she's going to

be traveling back and forth, then he's

going to be left at home with with the

children. I think the children will

sample English schools. Uh they're young

enough to be moved elsewhere when the

time comes. I don't think it's going to

be 15 years. I don't think it's going to

be 10. It might be one, but uh let's

watch this space.

>> And final question, do you think he is

desperate to be a working royal again?

>> I don't know. I can't I'm not going to

read into his mind. um he wants

recognition and maybe he wants

reconciliation with his family but at

the same time he's got his own family

and I think that's where the conflict

lies.

>> One final thing I thought of which is

brilliant. What would the late queen

your boss have thought of this?

>> She saw through it right away and she

saw through it in 2020 and that's why

she said in or out but you can't have

both.

Heat.

[music]

[music]

[music]

Heat.


