Harry has always gone public. Uh whether

it's him directly or whether it is his

team, they seem to think that they're

going to break the monarchy. Yeah.

>> By going public, by showing the monarchy

for what it is. What the monarchy is is

the backbone of the United Kingdom.

People respect the monarchy. They don't

respect wingers like Harry. and he seems

to have come back thinking that the red

carpet is going to get rolled out and

everything is going to be like before

they left, but it's not. And he's going

to have to learn the hard way and he's

not going to like it. [music]

>> Hi, Al Kenzie Scoffield here. Welcome to

Crown and Conflict, a series dedicated

to dissecting the most riveting royal

stories in history. Joining me today is

former press secretary to the late Queen

Elizabeth II and King Charles III, Dicky

Arbiter. Dicki, you have a brand new

book out now, On Duty with the Royals,

the Inside Story of the Modern Monarchy.

We've been teasing it a lot here at

Kinsey Scoffield Unfiltered. We've been

very excited. And uh what I thought was

so what is is the word convenient is so

much of what you've written about in

this book is relevant to today's

headlines and current events. A

congratulations on the launch and b that

that was nice. That's kind of nice that

like you you wrote about this some of

this stuff months ago and it's so

meaningful to you know right now.

>> Yeah. Yeah. It is, you know, the the

chickens come home to roost, except

those in Monteito. Whether they're still

alive without their owners, I really

don't know.

>> Thoughts and prayers to the chickens.

But yeah, to to your point, um, you

write in the book that Queen Elizabeth's

rejection of Harry and Megan's halfin

halfout proposal was absolute and that

she had already seen Edward and Sophie

attempt something similar. Why was she

so convinced that commercial

independence and representing the the

monarchy simply could not coexist?

>> Well, first and foremost, there's a

conflict of interest. You know, if if if

you are a working royal and you're doing

commercial work, then probably the wrong

people are galloping towards your front

door because they want to do business

with you. Uh, and it's very difficult to

shrug them off. So, Edward tried it. He

tried it with film production. He made

some very good programs. But the trouble

is the networks didn't like him uh

because they felt he was an interloper.

He was somebody who knew absolutely

nothing about television and all of a

sudden because of his status he was

making television films and as I said a

moment ago they were good ones. Uh but

it just it just didn't work. Television

costs a lot of money. Uh and you need a

lot of money behind you. And Edward had

he had so much but it wasn't enough to

sustain him. And eventually uh what

happened up at St. Andrews when uh his

crew went up uh to do some some shooting

of um of William going to St. Andrews

his f first day there and then they

stayed on contrary to the agreement with

the media uh and the palace that they

would go at the end of the facility.

They stayed on and Edward got a black

mark. He wasn't there, but his team were

there and he was the managing director

and he took the rap.

>> And that's so interesting because that

reminds me, you know, to your point and

Edward tried to expand. He tried to do

things that were of interest to him, but

what the suits wanted, what the

entertainment companies wanted that they

wanted royal themed items from him. They

were like that, look, we'll give you a

spot on whatever channel, but we want

you to talk about the the British royal

family. It's interesting that Harry and

Megan are kind of in the same

predicament where how are they relevant

unless they're talking about the British

royal family.

>> Well, the difference between Edward and

and Harry is that Edward was making he

made a very good documentary on uh on

Edward VII.

>> Yeah, he made positive content.

>> It was very very positive. He made a

good documentary on the restoration of

Windsor Castle and and a few others, but

the the networks didn't like him. They

thought he was an interloper and and

they just didn't want to cooperate.

Consequently, his particular

documentaries were sort of late. They

weren't in the in in the sort of

watershed area,

>> uh, which is where where there's peak

viewing. Sophie, on the other hand, she

was running a public relations

consultancy. She got caught in a sting

uh by the news of the world, by the fake

shake, and the rest is history. And the

queen really said, you know, choose one

or the other. And they chose to be

working royals. And they've done very

well since. They they've got their heads

down. They're very well respected.

Sophie goes to places that nobody would

go to. uh to the Democratic Republic of

Congo, to the Yemen, um to all sorts of

places dealing and and uh patronage of

um uh centers that cope with uh women

who've been abused as a result of war.

Uh and when you have a high-profile per

person like Sophie, it brings in the

money to run these organizations. And

since 2021, I think it was or 20 2001,

they've done extremely well and they

they they're part of the backbone of the

monarchy today.

>> They really are. She is uh the way I

would describe her as precious. She's

beautiful. She's sophisticated. She's,

you know, elegant. Everything about her

is just, you know, she's the perfect

princess in my opinion, although she is

a duchess. Um, I want to get your

perspective on the latest developments.

As someone who has worked inside the

palace and understands how these

communications are handled, the king has

now made it clear that Harry and Megan

remain non-working members of the royal

family, essentially private citizens,

although they would prefer public

figures with their own commercial and

charitable interests. The letter also

re, you know, reiterates that the HR

styles are not to be used, but Harry and

Megan appear unhappy with how this was

handled. Their team says that they were

just given 67 minutes notice before the

letter was released to the media and

wanted the opportunity to clarify one or

two points. Pala sources have pushed

back and said they were informed in

advance, but they were not consulted on

the contents. From your experience,

why would they be consulted? This is the

king clarifying an arrangement.

>> Well, there's absolutely no reason why

they should be consulted because what

what the the the letter stated was

exactly what was stated in January 2020

when they decided that and they were

given the option in or out, but not

both. And they chose out. So they knew

what the contents of the letter meant

and the king was just reminding them now

that they were back in the UK with their

tails between their legs that you're

still not working members of the royal

family. You won't be working members of

the royal family. And HR is an obeyance.

You cannot use it. Uh and you are

private citizens. They choose public

figures. Well, they're not public

figures. They do a sort of job. They

think they do a job. Um, you know, it's

it's a bit um I won't say precious, but

it's it's a bit bombastic to call

yourself a public figure. It's not for

you to decide whether you're a public

figure. It's for the public to decide.

You don't give yourself labels. You're a

private citizen. And if you succeed in

what you're doing, then you're a public

figure.

>> There's a sense of entitlement there

that I'm kind of surprised that they

don't realize is very unattractive.

It is unattractive. There is there's

always been this sense of entitlement.

When when they left, Harry winged that

uh he wasn't getting 24-hour security.

Well, he wasn't living in the United

Kingdom. He wasn't a working royal, so

why should he get taxpayers funded uh

24-hour security? He was winging that

his father cut him off financially. His

father didn't cut him off financially.

He kept him going for about six or seven

months. Uh besides Harry had a lot of

money anyway from his mother's estate.

So why he was winging there? There's

always been this feeling of entitlement.

They are the ones that have been

wronged. They're the ones that are

actually doing the wrong. They're not

the ones that have been wronged.

We had Oprah. We had six hours of

Netflix. We had Spare, you know. And

then and they still want an apology. I'm

not sure what they want an apology for.

>> Yeah. Exactly. Well,

from a um palace communications

perspective, what do you make of team

Sussex making those private exchanges

with the palace public? Does that help

their argument or does it demonstrate

exactly why the palace felt it needed to

put their position in writing in the

first place?

>> Well, it doesn't help their case with

the palace. It's the very reason why the

palace put their position in writing.

Harry has always gone public. Uh whether

it's him directly or whether it is his

team, they seem to think that they're

going to break the monarchy. Yeah.

>> By going public, by showing the monarchy

for what it is. What the monarchy is is

the backbone of the United Kingdom.

People respect the monarchy. They don't

respect wingers like Harry. and he seems

to have come back thinking that the red

carpet is going to get rolled out and

everything is going to be like before

they left, but it's not and he's going

to have to learn the hard way and he's

not going to like it.

>> That's a tough reality check. Dicki, one

of the strongest arguments you make

about Prince Harry in the book is that

he condemns palace briefing and leaking

while using many of the same tactics

himself. Having worked inside the

system, how credible do you find Harry's

claims that the different royal

households were briefing against him and

Megan? Was there this big agenda um from

your point of view? Yeah,

>> there wasn't this big agenda. There's

never been a big agenda. Yes, very very

occasionally you would get in in the old

days, you get Charles's friends would

would start briefing, but they were

jumped on very very quickly on the

orders of Charles. shut up. You You have

no right to speak on my behalf. He was

very clear about that. And if you go

back, you go back to that 1994 interview

that he did with Jonathan Dimbleby. Not

once did he rubbish Diana. He's never

rubbished Diana. Uh yet Diana did

rubbish him, not only in talking to

Andrew Morton indirectly, but also in

that Panorama interview. But not once he

behaved like the perfect gentleman. Yes,

he admitted he'd committed adultery. um

while still married to Diana, the

marriage had irretrievably broken down.

He never said for a moment that Diana

was having affairs as well, which he

was. So, you know, Diana's story or line

in the Panorama interview, there were

three of us in this marriage. No, there

weren't three of us. There were four of

us.

>> Dicky's Dickiy's got keeping count over

here. Dicky's got the numbers on it.

One, two, three, four. Oh, you say King

Charles has effectively removed himself

from the blast zone with the Sussex's

because, you know, even

nice exchanges can quickly find their

way into the American press. Is

reconciliation possible while I mean, do

you think we'll see it as as royal

reporters while the king believes

private conversations with his son may

become public? Well, there was one step

forward when they had tea in July uh at

H Highrove and it seemed to have gone

well. There was no leaking. Uh yes, they

said they had tea uh that they went

public with that but then it was made

public. But you know, one step forward

uh is not going to lead to

reconciliation because with Harry's

winging as a result of what was released

by the Lord Chamberlain, they've gone

several step backward. And this will it

it will be that ever ever more until

such time they can eat humble pie and

admit they were wrong because they were

wrong. They were wrong to turn their

backs on the royal family. They were

wrong with the interviews they gave to

Oprah in Netflix in the books fair. And

until such time they admit that and I

can't see that anytime soon that the

status quo will exist that there'll be a

standoff between

the public figures if I can put it that

way private citizen stroke public

figures and the rest and the working

royal family.

You know, you this is a silly question,

but the

>> you don't ask silly questions.

>> Well, thank you. Your book doesn't

include a ton of Harry and Megan. I feel

like I know why, but can you explain to

the viewer why? How important are they

to the future of the monarchy? And is

that why they don't dominate this new

book of yours?

>> Look, this book is not about Harry and

Megan. I purposely set out not to tell a

story uh from the beginning to the end

about Harry and Megan or any other

member of the royal family. What I have

done is written a series, it probably

sounds pompous and it probably sounds

boring,

but a series of essays about different

aspects of the monarchy, about the new

reign, about King Charles, about the the

the

gone the era that's gone, uh, about

Camila, about money. Money is always a

big issue when it comes to the media and

when it's announced how much they're

getting each year from the sovereigns

grant about communications, royal

communication. People often wonder,

well, what is royal communications? What

do they do? How do they do it? Why do

they do it? Where did it start? It had a

very shaky start many decades ago. And

so it's it it's not a book about Harry

and Megan. It's a book about the

monarchy as an institution. There's

there's one chapter, the working the

working laws. What happens when the sun

rises? When it does rise and it's not

raining, when people come to work, what

time do they come to work? What do they

do when they come to work? What do they

do? What there are there were something

like 500 people in the royal household.

What do these 500 people do? So, it's a

sort of city within a city. They're

self-contained.

Um, so each chapter is a self-contained

story.

>> Um,

>> I think I explained it to you like it

felt so I felt so confident reading it

that,

>> you know, I I wasn't going to be

overwhelmed by trying to keep up with

myself. I could I could go, okay, now on

to a brand new topic. You know, I I felt

closure at the end of every time I shut

my book. And if you're kind of a

bookworm, you can look at the clock and

realize it's 2 a.m. and you have, you

know, just because you're so afraid of

>> losing your pace or whatever. So to me,

I thought it was brilliant.

>> That's what I actually set out to do to

each each chapter is standalone. You get

to the end of it. You don't have to

flick back when you go to the next

chapter. What what what did I leave

behind? This is a standalone chapter.

The next chapter is something completely

different. So it's it's a bit of a

learning curve. It's learning about what

the monarch is all about, why they do

it, what they do, how they're funded,

are they rich, why do they where do they

go on holiday, why do they do royal

tours? People always ask why do they do

royal tours? They don't put their hands

up and say I want to go to America. It's

the government that sends them. They're

sent there by by the government and

they're acting on behalf of the United

Kingdom. So, uh, and then you get visits

like this one to the United States

earlier in the year where the king had

Congress eating out the palm of his

hands.

>> And likewise with President Trump. He's

probably the only um head of state

that's ever sort of had one up on on on

President Trump.

>> Long may it last.

>> And why? Because you do not make a

fortune going to work for the royal

family. Why do you go to work for the

royal family? Is it because you admire

the institution? Is it because you grew

up loving the queen? Why do you go to

work for the royal family when the pay

is

it's it's what is average an offensive

thing to say?

>> No, it's you know it's it's a very

legitimate question. Why did I go and

work for the royal family? I went to

work for the royal family in 1988. I was

coming up to 48. In those days in the

United Kingdom, you retired at the age

of 60. And I was beginning to question,

what am I going to do for the last 12

years of my life? Am I going to stay put

where I am? I was a broadcast

journalist. Am I going to do something

different? Am I going to diversify? Or

am I going to do what I'm doing now in

another organization, another national

organization? And I had a phone call the

night before I left for Australia to

cover the Queens by Centennial Tour

asking if I was approached, would I be

interested? Well, it was taken out of my

hands. I didn't have to think anymore

about what I'm going to do. I knew what

I was going to do. So, for 12 years, um,

I worked for Lake Queen and and King

Charles. Um, and I retired at 60, end of

there were no ifs and buts. 60 was was

the retirement age. And that's why I

went there. Yes, I did always respected

the monarchy. I I really did get to know

the queen um and the king and the prince

and Prince Phillip and other members of

the family. And you know, when you get

them in a relaxed mood, when they're not

on duty, they're ordinary people. Queen

was very ordinary. I remember walking

with a along Loach Mick at um at

Balmoral and there was a little sort of

stream running down from higher ground

and the water was being blocked by

stones and she bent down and picked them

up and threw the stones away and then

rubbed her hands on her skirt and we

carried on walking. That's the sort of

woman she was.

>> Oh, I love that story. All right, just

just just to sour the conversation. I

did write one more note about Harry and

Megan that I want to ask you about while

reading the book because it's it relates

to um current events. You made this

interesting observation that Monaceto

probably wasn't the life Harry himself

would naturally have chosen and that

somewhere like Batswana would have been

way more consistent with the man you

knew. Do you believe Harry sacrificed

the life he wanted in order to preserve

his marriage? And you know, is he

getting his way now? Now that he's back

in the UK,

>> I think Mary Harry made a decision. He

he met somebody he wanted to marry. He

he had two failed relationships. One

with Chelsea Davyy who was a Zimbabwean

who introduced him to to the African

continent. Um, and her father was was in

game parks. So he he learned about game

very very early on. When I say game, I

mean wild animals. and he loved it. But

the relationship didn't last because

Chelsea was studying at university to

become a lawyer. Uh she didn't like the

idea of the goldfish bowl. She didn't

like the idea of the paparazzi

continually and constantly pursuing her.

Uh so she ended the relationship and

Harry was somewhat devastated as a

result of that. Then he had another

relationship with Cresa Deonus that was

for two years. Uh she was an actress.

She was a budding actress. uh she wanted

to uh pursue her career. She too didn't

want the goldfish bowl and ended the

relationship. So Harry was put loose and

fancyfree and he really did want he saw

his brother happy married with three

children and he wanted a bit of the

action himself and he was introduced to

Megan. Um I don't know who fell for whom

fell for whom first but they obviously

did fall for each other and the rest is

history. uh going to the states. Well,

Harry was really out of his comfort

zone. He actually left his comfort zone

in 2016 when he left the army. He was a

good soldier. He was a good Apache

helicopter pilot. Uh and he enjoyed the

army because the army was family.

Everybody watches each other's backs. Um

and they get on extremely well. But he

decided to leave the army and become a

full-time working royal. but to leave

the United Kingdom uh and to go

somewhere completely alien to him

firstly to Canada uh and then they

hightailed it down to California because

the border was being closed because of

COVID. Um he really was a fish out of

water.

>> He loved southern Africa. He loved the

bush. He loved wildlife and he really

was in a comfort zone when he was um

learning to be a ranger. Um, this was

some part of his gap year. Uh, and he

and he loved it. But he chose to get

married. He chose to leave the royal

family and he chose to live in

California out of his comfort zone. No

friends. All his friends are back in the

UK. He's in an alien world and he was

not trained for anything other than to

be a soldier and to be an Apache

helicopter pilot.

>> Yeah.

>> So, he was a bit of a fish out of water.

>> Yeah. limits your communication

opportunities. You know, what are what

are you supposed to talk about at a

monoscto uh wine

wine spritzer? I don't know. Um you

you kind of touched on this earlier, but

I thought that this was really important

to note. You were there during the

collapse of Charles and Diana's

marriage, and you write that Charles, he

did, he instructed his private secretary

to stop his circle briefing against

Diana. You know, I don't know if I've

ever read this before, so I was happy to

see this in your book. How different is

the reality you witnessed from the

popular narrative that Charles and the

palace were waging a coordinated media

war against her? And you say that, you

know, the king just refused this tit

fortat campaign, you know, even though

Diana was doing damage to him. He did

refuse the tit fortat campaign. Uh

shortly after well the same night of the

Panorama interview, another BBC program

uh were news night I think it was uh

invited people on to talk about the

interview and one of them was a close

friend of the Kings. I'm not going to

name him. He was a former MP and he

accused Diana of being paranoid. He

actually really uh angered the king by

coming out like that and going on. Uh

the the guy was known to be a close

friend of Charles and uh it it was a

wrong thing to do and Charles was very

angry uh that friends were actually

coming out and speaking speaking up for

him which is very good but not in those

circumstances. Um and as I said not once

did he black badmouth diner at all. In

fact, once the divorce came through,

they got on extremely well. It was

almost as if it sort of something was

lifted off both of their shoulders and

they could communicate with each other.

>> That's so interesting. Um, you watched

Prince William grow up inside this

extraordinary pressure cooker and and

you describe him now as one of the most

perceptive royals you've encountered.

How much of the monarchy Prince William

intends to build is a reaction to what

he witnessed happen to his parents and

to his own childhood? Or am I just am I

looking too deep into what you said?

>> I think it's probably a little bit too

deep.

>> [laughter]

>> what what what William has done um from

his own he's learned from his own

childhood and his own parents uh divorce

and and uh um unhappy marriage to make

sure that he didn't have the same and

he's prioritized his marriage he's

prioritized his family life he's

prioritized his children so that when

Katherine went into hospital for the

abdominal operation uh she was first and

foremost in his mind uh and everything

else had to sit on the sidelines. Then

when cancer was announced uh by her

under pressure. Um again he was there

for the family. Uh and he is always

there for the family because the family

to him is important. This is why they

always look so relaxed and so happy.

They they they actually adore each

other. And you can see this every time.

Yesterday, for example, uh when they

went to take um George to Eaton, they

looked terrific.

>> They were happy. They were joking with

each other. And George was looking very

relaxed. He's first time going away from

home. First time fleeing the nest uh to

go to boarding school. And he looked

calm. He looked relaxed. And I'm sure

he's loving every minute of it. So,

William has drawn on his his parents'

failed marriage uh to secure his

marriage. Uh what he does in terms of

the monarchy, well, he did say to Eugene

Levy uh from Canada, the Canadian

comedian and actor, that he wants to

modernize the monarchy. I'm not terribly

sure what he means by that because

>> Well, it's not it does it's not an

electric scooter, Dicki, because I heard

that he's not allowed to use that around

Windsor Castle anymore. If that's what

he meant. if he meant the electric

scooter and modernizing the monarchy. I

think he I think he was told he's not

allowed to do that anymore.

>> Yeah. Well, he he he was making a point

with the electric scooter. He wasn't

going to drive there and it was a bit

far to walk. He wasn't going to jog

there. So, he went on the electric

scooter which was a you know,

>> it's cute. Very cute.

>> But but he how he's going to modernize

the monarchy, I really don't know. But

that's looking ahead into the future.

That's crystal ball gazing. And we

shouldn't be reading his mind. We should

be concentrating on the present, how the

monarchy has slimmed down uh through no

other reason than because of uh because

of death and uh and wrongdoings.

>> That's right. Because you write that you

reject the idea that King Charles

deliberately created the slim down

monarchy.

>> Well, he never said it.

>> Yeah. And then but you say that Prince

William might actually intend to run

one. Um, what you you just told me not

to crystal ball, but so you're saying

that

King Charles this is not Yeah. Where did

So where does this slim down monarchy

quote come from if King Charles never

said that? Because it's my understanding

that something along those lines were

said in the early 2000s. Is that not

true?

>> No, but Charles has never actually said

anything about a slim down monarchy. He

might have said he might have sort of uh

referred to the balcony at um trooping

the color. I remember one year there

were over 40 on there and I lost count

after the after about 33 of who was who.

Uh and he might have been referring to

that. But you see when William comes to

the throne, we talk about a slim down

monarchy. Look at the monarchy today.

Charles is in his late 70s, Camila in

her late 70s. uh Edward and Sophie in

their 60s and in her 70s. You know, by

the time William comes to the throne,

most of those people will have retired.

>> Mhm.

>> The monarchy will be slimmed down uh by

default.

>> Period. Right.

>> Yeah. In the same way we lost the queen,

we lost Prince Phillip. Um Harry and

Megan decided to opt out. um and Mount

Batton Windsor was uh cast aside and

exiled to Sandringham. So right away

you've lost five people and if you look

at the uh I won't call them secondass uh

royals but you look at the the relations

uh Duke of Gloucester is in his is in

his 80s the Duchess of Glouester is in

her 80s Duke of Kent is in his 90s so

you know it's a very aging family and by

the time William comes to the throne

many of them won't be around

>> and when George comes to the throne

Well, as it stands at the moment,

there'll be him, his sister, and his

brother.

>> Well, I I will say that I wonder how

much Prince Harry has thought about that

and regrets that and wishes that things

were different so he could stand up

there on that balcony with his brother.

But actions have consequences, Dicki.

>> Actions do have consequences. And I I

I'm not sure whether he thinks about it.

He pro he might regret it. Uh, but he's

made his bed and he's got a lie in it.

He's made

>> for his little

>> for that little uh public figure's ego.

I think he'd like to be on the balcony.

I don't know if he'd like to be there to

support his brother as much as I think

he would just like to be there to have

his picture taken.

>> I I he he probably would like to be

there, but he'd lay down certain

conditions under which he could be

there, and his brother's not going to

agree to that. Um, and he'll make sure

that the king doesn't agree to it.

Charles is he might look weak but he's

not. He he's he's very strong and he

when he makes a decision he makes it

very quickly like Andrew Mountbat and

Windsor. It took a time took a while for

him to strip him of it all his titles.

Took a while to to boot him out of Royal

Lodge. The man had a cast iron lease. So

it was very difficult. But he made the

point that um you know you can't have

all the lose all these titles and live a

grand life because you haven't got the

money to do it and I'm not going to

support you. So he he can be very tough

when the when when needs be and with

Harry he's not going to give in and

William will always be consulted by

Charles by his father and William won't

give in either

>> too much passed under the bridge. You

describe the Princess of Wales,

Catherine, as the monarchy's stabilizing

force and essentially the foundation on

which Prince William's future reign will

rest. After watching royal marriages up

close for decades,

what do Prince William and Katherine

have right? What do you admire about

their union?

>> I think first of all, you've got to look

at Katherine. Katherine's upbringing.

Her parents were very hardworking. They

both worked for British Airways. At one

stage, the press were very cruel to

Carol Middleton. They always sort of

referred to as doors to manual because

she was a flight attendant on British

Airways. But she left British Airways.

She started up a company in her kitchen

and they both worked hard and they both

became millionaires. They've always

given the children uh Katherine Pipper

and and James a very stable background.

There's no there's there's no there

there's no rubbish attached to them.

There's no there's no point in smearing

them because there's nothing to smear

them for. And William sees in them

stability and he sees in his marriage as

a result of their stability, stability

in his marriage. And that's what his

marriage is all about. It's about

stability. They do everything together

as a family. not necessarily going all

the whole family going to a football

match, but the parents are very good

with the children in taking them to

tennis. Lou is a bit young. He he'll get

there eventually. George has been with

his dad to football matches. So, you

know, he's being slowly edged into the

public arena as as a means not to to

perform a duty, but to introduce him to

life, to introduce him to see a game.

Look, what kid doesn't want to sit in

the stands and watch a cup final? What

kid doesn't want to see England playing

an international football match? They

all do. Uh, and his father's very good

at at introducing that. William never

went to a football match. Uh, when he

was growing up, nor did Harry. They were

taken to theme parks.

>> Yeah.

>> Um, which

>> McDonald's. [laughter]

>> Yeah, that's right. It's It's not quite

the same thing that that William is

doing. So he's giving them a good

rounded uh uh buildup to life and he's

learned that from the Middletons through

their stability in their marriage and

they've been very good and he looks at

them as second parents.

>> Do you think that the Middleton spend a

lot of time with the Wales family still

to this day even with Katherine feeling

a little bit better?

>> I they they probably see each other a

lot. I don't think they um they stay

with each other a lot but they they do

see each other. They they do visit. Um

but William's got a a pretty hefty

program so it's not always possible. Um

the children are at school and the

children do um Saturday um Saturday

things that extracurricular things. So

um it's it's difficult but they will

spend time with them whenever possible

and and and they they work well

together.

>> Carol is always invited

>> pushed and they haven't pushed

themselves into the royal sphere.

They're invited to Ascot in their own

right, but they're not there um all the

time. They're just invited on on

occasions to to take part in in events,

but they don't push themselves forward.

>> She Carol is always invited to hang out

with me because I trust her judgment.

She seems to have a pretty great head on

her shoulders. Uh, all right. I'm going

to give you some options here after

everything you've witnessed from, you

know, the the end of the queen's reign,

unfortunately, due to her passing, from

the death of Diana, to Andrew, Harry,

and Megan, the king's cancer. What do

you believe is the single greatest

threat to the monarchy now? Is it

scandal within the family? Is it loss of

public trust? Uh, is it a hostile media

environment? or is it simply the younger

generations deciding they no longer want

a monarchy?

>> Well, I'm going to take the last point

first. Um, it's interesting you talk

about the younger generation. The

younger generation and and the monarchy

is all about generational. The younger

generation, they they say, "Oh, we've

got a monarchy. Why we've got a

monarchy?" They don't quite understand.

by the time they get into their 40s and

50s, they realize that, hey, what we've

got is pretty cool. It's probably the

right thing to do. And if you look at

Australia, they had the option in 1999

to ditch the monarchy with a referendum

and they chose to retain the monarchy.

>> And that was 1999. That was a long time

ago.

>> Yeah.

>> Um so what what you have is it's a

younger generation who don't really take

note of the monarchy. There are those

who say, well, we have a republic. What

does a republic mean? Republic means a

change of constitution. A republic means

um an elected head of state, whether

it's a ceremonial head of state or an

executive head of state. If it's an

executive head of state is a complete

change in the way the country is

governed. If it's a ceremonial head of

state, well, who do you pick? We don't

want a failed politician because failed

politicians today are usually bunged up

into the House of Lords. Um so it needs

to be a person with gravitas. And I

can't think of anybody at the moment. Uh

but if you go wherever you go in the

world when the late queen was alive,

wherever you went, and I traveled a lot,

you say, "Who's the queen of England?"

And right away they'd say, "Elizabeth"

in various in various accents. If you

say, "Who's the king of England?" they

will tell you Charles. They are known

throughout the world because they travel

throughout the world. Whereas presidents

of countries, they don't necessarily

travel. And then people say, "Well, the

royals are very expensive." Well,

every penny is accounted for. If you go

to the Italian president, he receives

something like 230 million pounds a year

to run his office. He's not responsible

for the quirinale, which is the

presidential palace. That is for the

government. The government pays for his

travel if he travels abroad, wherever.

This is just to run his business. The

British monarchy gets £137.9

million.

But all that is accounted for. It pays

for their overseas visits that are sent

for where they're sent by the

government. It pays for the m

maintenance of the occupied royal

palaces, Kensington Palace, Buckingham

Palace, St. James's Palace, and Windsor

Castle. It pays the salaries of

everybody working for the royals. It

tops up the pensions, and it pays for

travel. So there's not much left in the

coffers at the end of each year, but

everything is accounted for. And then

there were complaints in the media. Why

do we need to spend 369 million pounds

to reserve Buckingham Palace? Well, the

place has fallen to bits. Uh they

removed 200 miles of electrical wiring,

100 miles of lead lead piping that was

used for for the water supply. Nobody's

complaining about the Palace of

Westminster, which to your viewers is is

um where the politicians operate from.

That if they all move out, now this is

the whole building decanting. It will

cost in the region of 30 billion pounds

and take something like 40 years.

>> Yeah.

>> To resolve. If they don't decant and

they stay in the building, it's going to

cost4 billion pounds and take 60 years.

And that building is falling down.

Literally falling. It costs1.5 million

pounds a week.

One.5 million pounds a week just to keep

the building going.

>> Wow. That's unreal.

>> And nobody's complaining about that,

right? but soft underbelly of the

monarchy because they're spending369

million pounds to restore Buckingham

Palace is a heritage building. It's a

bit like saying well you don't conserve

the White House because you know the

White House is the White House. The

White House is for the president. It's

not for the people. Buckingham Palace is

more for the people than the White

House.

>> It's like such a cultural staple. I mean

I any this is a silly argument but if

whenever you get the shot in a movie to

establish that you're in London you get

a shot of Buckingham Palace you know it

it's just such an important landmark in

my opinion. I love walking through it. I

love imagining the important figures

that have walked through it and

important decisions that have been made

there. Um secrets that have been shared

there. I I can't imagine arguing that

it's that it's not worth saving doing

everything you have to do to save that

building.

>> Just to go back to to your question

about the monarchy, I think it will

survive. It'll have a little bit of a

bumpy road ahead. It's always had a

bumpy road. It's always managed those

bumps. Abdication, uh 1992, the Alice

Heribilis, the Andrew Mountbatton

Windsor scandal. Um, it's always managed

to negotiate those bumps, but I believe

the monarchy will survive because the

alternative is not worth contemplating.

>> Absolutely not. What was your favorite

memory to revisit that you smiled while

you were typing or writing while you

were putting together this book and you

were happy to to to think about that

moment in your in your life?

I think the moment I remember, I mean,

there were so many occasions, but the

moment I I remember is the very last

time that I had a conversation with the

queen.

>> Uh it was a Buckingham Palace. It was

2020 in March, two weeks before COVID

lockdown. It was the very last reception

she ever went to at the palace. And she

always liked to talk to her retirees.

And we had a few words, about five

minutes worth, which is a long time for

her. And as I took my leave, which is

what you do, you step back and you bow

your head. She looked at me and her eyes

were sparkling. And with the late queen,

you she never showed emotion. She never

showed anything in her face. It was

always in her eyes and you had to read

it. And I saw these eyes sparkling and I

knew something was coming. Now, you know

these bright ties I wear?

>> Yes.

>> Worn them. And I wore them at Buckingham

Palace.

>> I have one. I have one right here. It's

my dicky tie. [laughter] and and and

occasionally she did a double take, but

on this particular occasion, she looked

at me squarely in the eyes and see said,

"I see you're still wearing those

dreadful ties."

And it was a smile.

>> Yeah, that's adorable. I love love love

that story. Can I ask you a question?

because I only saw the queen in a crowd,

you know, like I've I've only I ever got

to see Queen Elizabeth in a in a sea of

people, but I've been in close proximity

and and met King Charles and Queen

Camila. And

did people clamor around the queen in

the way I've seen them clamor around

King Charles and Queen Camila? Because

I'm almost like it's like watching Mc

Jagger, you know? It is interesting to

see the way people are so eager to talk

to him. But I also thought what a I also

wondered if the queen would have to

navigate that. Is it because he's

younger? Is it because you know he maybe

he has personal relationships with some

of these people? But I was just

surprised at how people yearned for him.

You know what I mean?

>> With the with the queen, there was very

careful crowd control. She loved the

walkabout. She loved meeting people, but

people were either behind a rope or a

crowd barrier.

>> Uh, but she would stop and talk to them.

With Charles, he's always been a people

person. I remember on occasions with him

on several occasions doing a Prince's

Trust event and youngsters would crowd

around him, girls would hug him. So,

this happened at a very early stage. So

when you see today or you know a couple

of years ago and you get the New Zealand

hockey team at Buckingham Palace

reception and they're all hugging him.

>> Yeah.

>> It's a sort of thing that he is very

much used to and it's it's not something

that uh Queen Elizabeth was brought up

to. You know there was a distance,

>> right?

>> Uh but the distance became narrower as

she got older. Uh yes, there was a crowd

barrier and people stood and lent

against it, but she'd stop and she'd

shake hands with people and talk to

people. But it's just a very different

uh way of generations doing things. And

yeah, Camila was

for one of a better word a commoner. So

she was used to crowds. Uh and Charles

used to crowds through his work with the

prince's trust. So you know if if you

remember the first day back in in London

after the passing of his mother, he went

on a walkabout at Buckingham Palace and

a woman pulled him forward and gave him

a hug and gave him a peck on the cheek.

His security did didn't interfere. Uh,

and that's how he likes it. Uh, so he's

very relaxed when he's with people, but

it didn't happen in the previous

generations. There was a distance.

>> Is Prince William similar or does he

have his guard up a little bit more so

than King Charles does?

>> He's he's pretty similar. Um, we've seen

him at uh at sports matches at um uh in

public engagements um when he's been at

a shelter or something like that that

he's hugged. When he's been doing the

big issue, he's hugged. He's a hugger.

>> That's right. You know, and I'm so glad

you said that because Megan went on

international television to complain

about how cold the prince and princess

of Wales were. And it's like, no, girl,

it might have just been you.

>> You said it. We got Dicki setting the

record straight over here. You can order

a copy of On Duty with the Royals, the

inside story of the modern monarchy by

Dicky Arbiter wherever you get your

favorite books today. Dicky, what a

pleasure it was to read this book um

kind of live vicariously through you a

little bit and get better insight into

the evolution of how the monarchy um

exists today versus when you worked

there. and um you know get a better

understanding of some of these down

moments with Queen Elizabeth and um how

sweet not just Queen Elizabeth but King

Charles is behind the scenes as well.

Thanks for sharing that insight with us

and

>> yeah well I I I hope people will like it

and you know don't don't feel that it is

a story from beginning to end. It's a

series of stories. Uh, and each chapter

is a story in itself. And I' like to

remind that there's going to be an audio

book which will come out round about the

middle of October. And I'm recording

that in a couple of weeks time.

>> Well, I can't tell you how many times

I've been scrolling through the comments

and see beautiful women commenting about

how they just love the sound of your

voice. So, that will thrill the girls.

that will thrill the girls that they can

order the audio book and have you

serenade them with your royal your royal

story.

>> Thanks, Lindsay.

>> I got you. I I got you a little

flustered there.

>> You did get me a little bit flustered.

Yes.

>> Thanks for spending some time with me

today and and again, I really enjoyed

the book. Congratulations, and I'm

looking forward to seeing all of your

success over the next few weeks as as my

audience and others um are are snatching

that book up as quickly as possible.

>> Bless you, Kinsey. Thanks very much.

>> All right, we'll see you guys again next

time. Thanks so much. Bye bye.

[music]


