Harry and Megan attacking everyone.
They're not bright people. They're not
talented people. They're running out of
money. The palace have just called them
[music] liars. What we have today is
proof that the Sussex's UK return is
dead on arrival. Harry's efforts to
rejoin the royal family have gone up in
smoke. It is over before it's even
started. There's [music] a problem
because Harry won't go quietly. He will
seek revenge [music] because he's a very
vengeful, angry, and in my view, quite
dangerous man. Harry is hurting. Harry
is humiliated. Harry is raging. Harry is
in [music] meltdown. And like a cornered
animal, he is fighting back. Harry and
Megan now. They are [music] in public
relations quicksand. All bets are off.
It's war. Yikes. Breaking news and an
emergency episode of the Mark Dolan
Show. Prince Harry's wild attack on his
father, the king, with Buckingham Palace
then a few hours later responding to
this attack and calling the Sussex's
liars. Now, relations between the palace
and Harry and Megan have now completely
collapsed into a bitter and public war
of words just a few days after their
arrival in the UK. Now, following
Charles's shock letter released
yesterday, a very good letter in which
Charles slapped down Harry and Megan,
put them in their place, reminded them
that they're no longer working royals,
reinforcing an agreement struck with the
late Queen Elizabeth that they cannot
use their his and her royal highness
titles, and making it abundantly clear
that they are separate private
individuals who have no connection to
the institution of the monarchy or the
royal family. While Prince Harry has
today lashed out at Buckingham Palace
and therefore ultimately his father in a
characteristically furious statement,
speaking via the ruthless and relentless
Sussex public relations machine, which
never sleeps, Harry has blasted
Buckingham Palace, saying that they were
a little surprised not to have been told
about the letter in advance. Just
process that for a moment. The king
issues a statement yesterday making it
very clear that Harry is not a working
royal, an ordinary citizen stating a
fact. And Harry decides in his infinite
wisdom to issue this statement today to
lash out and say, "Uh, yeah, I'm a bit
surprised we weren't told about the
letter in advance." Yeah. Because I'm
such a victim. Well, first of all, don't
be fooled by the seemingly temperate and
mild language because I'll grant you
that saying a little surprise not to
been told about the letter in advance,
it is mild language. But how Harry feels
is quite the opposite. Following that
letter yesterday, and as confirmed by my
own well-placed royal sources, Harry is
hurting. Harry is humiliated. Harry is
raging. Harry is in meltdown. And like a
cornered animal, he is fighting back. So
what we have today is proof that the
Sussex's UK return, as I've been saying
for days now, is dead on arrival. And
Harry's efforts to rejoin the royal
family have gone up in smoke. It is over
before it's even started. But there's a
problem because Harry won't go quietly.
He will seek revenge because he's a very
vengeful, angry, and in my view, quite
dangerous man. And we'll come to that
shortly. But folks, it gets worse. You
will not believe this because the bitter
cold war between the Sussex's and
Buckingham Palace has just turned into a
hot war with Buckingham Palace a few
hours later following Harry's angry
statement responding to this wild attack
via, wait for it, the Daily Mail. You
heard me right. Buckingham Palace
reached out to the Daily Mail, a
newspaper that Harry despises. A
newspaper that Harry has sued
unsuccessfully twice. A newspaper that
could potentially bankrupt the Duke
following a decision by the judge to
grant the Daily Mail unlimited legal
expenses. So, the palace quite clearly
are, you know, not pulling their
punches. They've chosen a newspaper that
Harry hates. And speaking to the Daily
Mail, Buckingham Palace officials have
said that Harry and Megan's claims about
being blindsided and caught off guard
and not warned about the letter in
advance is, and I quote, incorrect.
Folks, you have palace officials calling
Harry and Megan liars in a national
newspaper. You couldn't make it up. It
is wild. We are straight back to
recollections may vary and the hideous
lie in the Oprah interview that there
was a royal rais
a disgusting lie that Harry and Megan
backtracked on a few days later. We're
back to the kind of public row which saw
the Sussex's claim that Harry was not
offered royal accommodation at
Buckingham Palace on his most recent
visit when in fact he was. We're back to
the public row with the American
cultural icon Martha Stewart who was
very clear when she spoke to People
magazine that Megan was boasting about
her afternoon tea with King Charles.
Angrily denied by the palace. This has
echoes of the hideous public row with
the Kardashian family, an elite level
showbiz family, and Chris Jenner's 70th
birthday party at which Harry and Megan
claimed that on the invitation they
opted out of having their photograph
taken at the event. Well, the
Kardashians came back 24 hours later and
said no such opt out was available in
the invitation. It reminds me of the
hideous row at the top of Santa Barali
and the awful treatment of Dr. Sophie
Chandala, the woman who now has gained
control of a charity that Harry
co-founded. It reminds me of the hideous
war of words between the Sussex's and
David and Victoria Beckham. Two very
accomplished people in the worlds of
fashion, media, sport, and music. And we
know Harry and Megan horribly talentless
people. and the Beckhams a hideous
allegation that they've been briefing
the press about the Sussex's. Do me a
favor. Do you think a couple worth in
excess of $500 million that control
sporting franchises,
Victoria Beckham sold 50 million records
and has a global fashion chain? Do you
think that they've got time to call
newspaper editors about Harry and Megan?
Do you think they care? This public row
reminds me of the horrible fight about
Charlotte's bridesmaid dress. Charlotte,
of course, the little girl of William
and Katherine. This was Megan's wedding.
And allegations that Megan was made to
cry over Charlotte's dress. Charlotte
was a three-year-old little girl. And in
my view, if she's not happy with that
dress, if that little girl who is three
doesn't think the dress is perfect, you
fix it and you sort it. which is why
Katherine did the right thing, standing
up for her little girl. But that's the
difference between Katherine and Megan.
So, this is an extraordinary story. It
takes a lot to surprise me. I've been
around the block many times. I've been
in broadcasting for three decades, and I
can scarcely remember a story quite this
shocking. Now we got big problems
because you've had the original letter
with King Charles saying basically
you're not in the family you see and
you're not working royals. So please
give up those horrible fake royal trips
to Australia where you go to hospitals
and take selfies with sick people before
selling your tear stained clothes on the
internet. You see right? So it was a
great letter from King Charles. Now,
lots of you, many of my viewers on the
Mark Dolan Show think that the letter
was satisfactory,
but didn't go far enough. An awful lot
of you have said to me, "Why are Harry
and Megan still on the royal website?
Why do they still have access to HR even
if they've been asked not to use it? Why
are they still Duke and Duchess of
Sussex? Why are Archie Prince and
Princess?" And you're absolutely right.
And in an ideal world, they would have
those titles stripped. And it would be
the right thing for King Charles to do
because it would make life easier for
William when he becomes king. Because if
Harry is allowed to
essentially have some roots in the
United Kingdom, this royal return
becomes permanent,
it's going to be the mother of all tasks
for William to deal with that when he
becomes king. Because what the press
will do is try to make William look like
the bad guy. He wouldn't be the bad guy.
He'd be the heroic leader. Now, what's
going to happen when William and
Katherine become king and queen? They
will strip Harry and Megan of their
titles and they will take Prince and
Princess off Archie Lily. It's not
Archie Lily's fault. Of course, not
their sweet little children. It's the
parents and their actions and their
behavior which have made the prince and
princess status of their children
untenable and unacceptable.
So, if William's got to do it, he will.
But it would be the right thing for
Charles to do it. Why can't Charles
throw his eldest son, William, who's
never put a foot wrong, why can't he
throw him a bone? Why can't he give the
guy a break and just say, "Okay, what
I'm going to do, I'll do this rather
painful business of stripping Harry the
titles whilst I'm king so that when
you're on the throne, you can get on
with running the country and being head
of state." Unfortunately, Charles is a
kindly man. I'm very fond of him. I
respect him. But he's irredeemably weak.
And a lot of you think that this letter
published yesterday on behalf of King
Charles was too little and that it
raised more questions than it answered.
And I agree with you. But I'll take that
letter in the absence of nothing else.
And it's my view that the letter has
done its job. What is the proof of that?
It has provoked an angry response from
Harry. He didn't like it because King
Charles said the true bit out loud. You
are not royal. Get over it.
Little bit like this emergency episode
of the Mark Dolan Show. No time for hair
and makeup. This is what I look like.
Get over it. So, yes, the statement
yesterday was not controversial. It
confirmed everything we already know
because it all it was really was the
laying out of the terms and conditions
of Mexit as brokered by the Queen.
But this angry response from Harry tells
me it did its job because it upset him.
And it upset him because Harry doesn't
like reality and he doesn't like the
truth. And now you've got Buckingham
Palace calling Harry and Megan
liars.
You could not make it up.
Palace officials called the Daily Mail
newspaper.
Why didn't they call the Telegraph, the
Sun, People magazine, the Times of
London, the Daily Express, which is a
great paper, which my lovely friend JJ
Anace is a star columnist that, right?
Why didn't they call any of those great
papers? Well, because they want to upset
Harry. It's an act of war.
They've basically said, you know,
Harry's attack them saying that he
wasn't told about the letter in advance.
Buckingham Palace are saying that's a
lie. Yes, you were. And what we'll
really do, we're going to do is wind you
up. We're going to really pee you off
and we're going to tell the Daily Mail.
We're going to give the Daily Mail the
story. It's a newspaper that Harry has
sued twice and which may bankrupt him.
Harry's on the hook for 1520 million
after a deranged
attack on the judge following his failed
legal action against the Daily Mail. And
Harry's done it again. All he does is
attack. So he loses that court case
against the Daily Mail and he calls it a
establishment white shop. Well, he calls
it a whitewash. Questions the integrity
of the judge and the judicial process
over which by the way King Charles is,
you know, he oversees the whole thing.
And at that point, the judge is like,
well, you've just attacked me. I'm going
to let you have unlimited costs on the
part of the Daily Mail. Harry's always
attacking. Let's not forget his deranged
rant after losing his legal action
against the British government for armed
royal security. Called it an
establishment stitch up. And now he
attacks his father indirectly via his
spokespeople saying he wasn't told about
this letter. This uncontroversial letter
Harry that states that you're not a
working royal because you're not.
So you don't like a letter which
contains facts in it. Well Harry's not
familiar with facts. Look at Spare the
greatest work of fiction since War and
Peace and even more boring.
At least Leo Toltoy wrote War and Peace.
So what's really challenging now, and
it's all in character, an angry response
from Harry because he's got anger
issues. He's losing his mind. His
judgment is shot to pieces. He should
never have sued the Daily Mail on that
second occasion. He's attacked me. He's
attacked the Mark Dolan Show for daring
to do journalism and reflect on the
possible threat to the stability of the
royal family among future generations
with the rival royal court of the
Sussexes. That's bad news for Charlotte,
Louie, and George. I dared to do that
journalism. And what do they do? Issue a
statement attacking me. It's all they
do. They're angry people. And but this
is different because they fell out with
Sophie Chandala. They've fallen out with
the Daily Mail. It fell out with the
Beckhams, fell out with the Kardashians,
fell out with
wonderful Martha Stewart. But this is
different. They've gone too far because
the palace are so angered by what Harry
and Megan have said today that they've
called them liars. Now, that is worse
than recollections may vary. Now, of
course, Buckingham Palace officials did
not use the word liars when they spoke
to the Daily Mail, but what they said is
incorrect. Now, you're an experienced
person. You guys have been around the
block many times, right? You've got
common sense. You got gumption. You got
a gut instinct. You got life experience.
And some of you, like me, may have a
swimmer's build. And can I congratulate
you on that? But you know as well as I
do that if Buckingham Palace say that
Harry and Megan's statement was
incorrect.
If you say something that's incorrect,
well that's not true, isn't it? So how
far away is an incorrect statement from
a lie? It is a lie
because Buckingham Palace are saying we
sent you the letter in advance. Harry
and Megan are saying we did not have the
letter in advance. Let me know in the
comments who do you believe, Buckingham
Palace
or Harry and Megan. Now, what I'm really
worried about is that Harry is going to
seek revenge.
He's losing his mind. He's not of sound
mind. And I don't know whether that's
years of dr ug use, whether it's the
mindering substances. I don't know. But
it's very clear that Harry is angry and
you should never make decisions in
anger. He sued the Daily Mail in anger
with no proper evidence, which is why 97
claims against that newspaper were
thrown out by Mr. Justice Nicholan. He
picks fights that he can't win.
Everything he does turns to mud, right?
The opposite of the Midas touch.
Everything he does is a public relations
dumpster fire. And I think this is a low
point now. a public row with the palace
over whether he had the letter in
advance. And why do you care? Because
the letter was true. You're not a
serving royal. Now, the gloves are off
at this point. And there's trouble ahead
because Harry is going to use all of his
energies to make life miserable for King
Charles and Queen Camila and most
especially William and Catherine. And I
believe a lot of that is fueled by Megan
because Megan is not just pathologically
transactional. She's a very jealous
personality. And she was horrified when
she was a working royal that William and
Catherine were going to become king and
queen. She was horrified that they had
an elevated status within the family.
What? They're next in line to the
throne. They are more important than
you.
and she hated the fact that Frogmore
Cottage was a smaller house than the
accommodation of William and Katherine
because Megan has got such a massive
ego. I believe she has a set of
narcissistic personality traits and she
hates it. And no doubt she'll have
encouraged this awful response to a
perfectly sensible statement which
contained the truth. Megan's been
guiding Harry since day one. Don't take
my word for it. My very good friend Tom
Bower in his brilliant two books on the
Sussexes, he reports that it was Megan
that planted a seed in Harry's head that
the royal family were evil and awful,
that the British people were just
wretched, that the press were out to get
them, that he was a victim, and she
engineered Megit.
But I've got some good news because
Harry is going to seek revenge. He is
like a cornered animal that's going to
come out fighting. And you're going to
see more statements. He's going to do so
many podcasts and TV shows in which he
makes subtle remarks about his father
and the royal family. There's going to
be the victim narrative. You know, poor
me, it was terrible being a spare,
growing up in palaces, never seeing a
bill, and having butlers 24/7, ironing
your newspapers and your socks. Yeah,
>> he'll do the victim thing. He'll be a
pathetic celebrity. We will have endless
fake royal tours in which Megan will
pose for photographs with people that
have suffered a tragedy. She will then
send sell that clothing online minutes
later on a website. We're going to get
all of that. But here are my two pieces
of good news. It's not going to work.
Harry and Megan doing the fake royal
thing. Harry and Megan attacking
everyone. Harry and Megan's bitter hot
war with the palace doesn't end well
because they don't have a leg to stand
on. They're not bright people. They're
not talented people. They're running out
of money. The British people don't like
them. Meghan Markle has no job. The
palace just called them liars. There's
no credibility.
There's no plan. There's no project.
Even the charity stuff is a horrible hot
mess. Harry's lost cental. He's walked
away from African parks which faced
egregious allegations against African
tribes people while Harry was on the
board and he stayed on that board.
whilst those allegations were in play.
Invictus is a noble cause and we love
the service men and women but it's
losing sponsors left and right. I wonder
why. Whose fault is that? My husband at
Calimh.
So the bottom line is that they can be
as angry as they like but their rage is
impotent and powerless. And Harry and
Megan now before we wrap this up they
are in public relations quicksand. And
the more angry podcasts and TV shows
that they do, the more interviews, the
more books they write, the more
documentaries that they churn out that
no one watches, the more public
statements that they issue through the
relentless and ruthless public relations
machine of the Sussexes that never
sleeps. The more they do these things,
the more they sink, the more they lose
their relevance, the more unpopular they
become. And if you thought things were
bad in America, well, they have come
back to a firestorm and they've made it
a million times worse with their actions
today. And I've got one other very good
piece of news for you. So, King Charles
has found something resembling a
backbone. Yes, this statement yesterday
was not enough and it should involve
stripping the titles and it should have
been tougher. I agree. But it's a step
in the right direction. The timing is
significant because it's quite clear and
even the Daily Telegraph have said and
their excellent royal journalist I
believe Hannah Feres very talented
journalist she said that King Charles
has had enough of all of the speculation
about the Sussex's. So the good news is
that although it's not a decisive
letter,
it's damaging to the Sussex's and the
proof of that is that Harry's responded
to it. Okay. If it was a harmless
letter, then he would have said nothing.
But he's come out fighting. So, the
timing is embarrassing. It's a setback
for Harry and Megan and it's a reminder
to Harry that actually you're back to
square one in terms of a royal return.
You can come to England no problem. You
have a passport, but you ain't ever
going to be royal. And I got one other
really good piece of news for you before
we wrap this up. And I mentioned it
yesterday. I'm the only journalist on
the planet to have made this
observation. And I got to tell you, I'm
very lucky I'm right a lot. Not always.
We know I'm not always right.
Occasionally I make remarks with which
97% of you disagree and you're entitled
to and you're probably right. So
occasionally,
you know, on a wet Tuesday afternoon
I'll get things wrong. But my track
record is pretty solid. And I'm the only
journalist on the planet that has made
this observation,
which is that what we're seeing here
with the letter yesterday saying,
"Harry, you're an ordinary citizen." And
with the response from Buckingham Palace
today via the Daily Mail calling Harry
and Megan liars, that's effectively what
they've done.
I detect the hand of William.
Folks, William is in pole position.
King Charles has finally acknowledged
his eldest son. Acknowledged that he's
delivered three stunning grandchildren,
one of whom the eldest, George, will be
king one day,
delivered a stunning wife who is the
most natural princess I can ever think
of in Catherine. A solid family base. A
guy that's tackling homelessness. A guy
that cares about the environment via
Earthshot. A hardworking and
consequential royal. a good-looking guy,
a good-looking couple. William and
Katherine are stunning. And I think that
King Charles, the penny's dropped and
he's realized, well, this boy is
incredible. He's worked so hard. He's
actually had to carry a lot on his
shoulders since he was born. He knew he
was going to become king. That is a
responsibility. And yes, it's a burden.
William didn't have the freedom of Harry
being able to run around and drink beer
and glue his willie to a block of ice
and dress up as a uh Second World War
dictator
and sleep with a woman of illreute in
the car park of a pub. William didn't
have the freedom to do any of those
things and he's grown into this wise,
conscientious, good-looking, attractive,
intelligent, strong man.
And I think what's happening, folks, is
that William is making his presence
felt. I think Harry thought they were
home and Harry and Megan thought they
were home in hose. They come back to
England and they're going to click their
fingers and Harry is going to sneak his
way back into the royal family. And I
think this statement yesterday from the
palace has been heavily encouraged, if
not frankly authored, by William. And I
think what we're seeing, what we're
going to see with all of my fingers
crossed is that what King Charles is
going to do is treat William like, and
I'm going to use a little American
political language here, king elect.
Now, you know, when the president wins
the election in November, they become
president-elect, they're going to be
president, and it's a few months in
January. They're sworn in, they're have
the inauguration, and then they run the
country. And I think what you've got now
with William is the king-elect. And of
course, we hope that Charles lives for
many years, but he's preparing. And this
move has got William's fingerprints and
DNA all over it. All of my sources have
said that William and Harry have no
relationship. That William doesn't even
consider Harry to be his sibling. No
longer siblings. You heard me right.
Despises his brother. Effing hates him
is another line. I don't say the full
word because the Mark Dolan Show is a
family word. We don't curse. Mark Dolan
show. It's a family show. We do not
curse on the Mark Dolan Show. In fact,
bring the kids in. they might learn
something.
But what I'm detecting here is at the
very least the influence of William in
issuing that statement yesterday, which
was a setback for the Sussex, to which
they've responded angrily because it
hurt, touched a nerve. And then this
response via the Daily Mail from the
Palace calling Harry and Megan liars has
got William all over it. Heavily
influenced if he didn't literally
deliver the message himself. So, it's
the beginning of the end for the
Sussexes in England. They're over in
America. Where next? Are they going to
have to flee to Australia or Canada in
12 months time? I think they are. I
don't see how they can stay in this
country when they've waged war with the
institution of the monarchy whose
support they're going to need over the
next few years. Good luck with that. All
bets are off. It's war, folks. What do
you think? Do you agree? Do you
disagree? Let me know in the comments.
Comments aren't part of the show. They
are the show. Please like, subscribe,
hit the notification bell and check out
the Mark Dolan Show, Boardroom. That is
my exclusive membership with weekly
exclusive videos. And it's, let me tell
you, worth every penny. Folks, what a
day. My head is spinning. I'll see you
for another big show tomorrow. Let me
know everything you think. I'm jumping
straight into those comments. Big love.
Bye for now. My husband.