I think Charles Spencer, who's a
poisonous piece of work, and Harry,
who's also poisonous, have joined forces
to create as much havoc as they can. And
let's remember, make as much money for
themselves as they can. Breaking right
now, the scumbag gets scummier with news
that Prince Harry did conspire with Earl
Spencer over this bombshell book
attacking King Charles. Confirmation
that the little weasel discussed exactly
what was in this book on Princess Diana
during his visit to all Thorp over
summer. And it is no coincidence that
his move to the UK, which the king to
this day claims was a complete bolt from
the blue, coincides with its release,
coincides with a very difficult period
for Charles. Given this claim now denied
by the palace that the king says rest
assured, we will soon forget Diana in
that phone call with Earl Spencer after
her shocking death in 1997.
So, we have so much to get into today.
Joining me, the expert in these matters.
So delighted to have Lady Colin Campbell
and Lady C. I just want to show you how
this news ricocheted across the world
overnight.
>> So big story across the UK and the
world. Of course, this evening,
Buckingham Palace has rejected claims
about the king made by Princess Diana's
brother, E Spencer, in his new memoir.
>> Spencer writes that after a brief pause,
[music] Charles said, quote, "Rest
assured, we'll forget her soon enough."
His majesty is mindful that the pain of
fraternal grief can cloud reason, affect
judgment, and color memory in ways
others do not recognize even many years
after such a loss.
>> And if you think Earl Spencer is going
to rise above a statement like that,
think again. This from Ninda Core. Well,
this is getting spicy. Charles Spencer
just posted a male peacock over on his
Instagram just after Buckingham Palace
hits back over the book. Surely we're
not supposed to believe that's
accidental. The brother of Diana calling
the king a I am never sleeping
tonight. And there was further briefing
from Buckingham Palace to the Daily
Telegraph uh which said that actually it
was not the king's tone. This just
wasn't the king's tone. And that is why,
and you know, I'm someone who will
criticize the king as and when is
necessary. I think El Spencer is making
this up. A source close to the monarch
telling the Telegraph that the alleged
comment about Diana was quote just not
in his nature, and it certainly wasn't
in his nature at that time when he was a
man absolutely griefstricken. They added
that at the time the then Prince of
Wales was paralyzed with grief and
defied protocol by insisting that Diana
be afforded a full state ceremonial
funeral and that her coffin be draped in
the royal standard as it returned from
London.
Then of course you get the royal family
today desperately trying to keep calm
and carry on. Prince William and
Catherine uh really out in in force as
you can see. And King Charles actually
doing one of the most important meetings
of his entire reign, bringing together a
whole load of AI experts at Dumpfrey's
house. But it's totally overshadowed, of
course, by the book, which is leaking
out via the Daily Mail and by this
revelation originally reported by Sara
Nathan, the British editor at large for
the New York Post and Page 6, who has
been connected to the Sussex's in recent
months. and she reveals Prince Harry was
made well aware of his uncle Charles
Spencer's bombshell claims about
Princess Diana's death in the new book
ahead of its unccoming population.
Multiple sources confirmed to Page Six.
Harry knew what was in the book. It
didn't come as a shock, said one source
in the no. Indeed, we're told the
Renegade Royal discussed the book Swan
Song Diana, My Sister, which is out next
Tuesday, both in the UK and the US with
his uncle during his visit to the
Spencer Ancestral Estate Orthorp back in
July when Harry brought Meghan Markle
and their kids to see his mother's
burial site. Earl Spencer says those
comments by King Charles unleashed
oh almost 30 years ago reflected his
pentup contempt for Diana and his horror
that the world was so bowled over by her
death. And page six makes the point that
Harry and Earl Spencer are very much
aligned on the fact that he should never
have been walking behind his mother's
coffin in procession. They point out
that he told Oprah Winfrey on the Apple
Plus TV docue series, The Me You You
Can't See in 2021, "For me, the thing I
remember the most was the sound of the
horse's hooves going along the mal. It
was like I was outside of my body, just
walking along doing what was expected of
me, showing onetenth of the emotion that
everyone was showing. No child should be
asked to do that under any
circumstances." And then in his memoir,
Spare, he wrote that his uncle called
the move barbaric.
While Harry and Megan demand special
treatment and attack the royals, the
mainstream media still protects them. On
outspoken, I call it out with no bias.
So, subscribe right now for the full
story every day. Now, people are not
surprised by the fact that Harry
conspired with Earl Spencer. The Royal
News Network posting not surprised at
all given that both Earl Spencer and
Harry have leveraged Diana's memory for
cash. Of course, they are in cahoots.
And according to Taz, adding, "Of course
Harry knew. He's been hanging around
with his uncle Spencer, no doubt,
collaborating. The king needs to see
Harry for who he truly is. He has become
a poison that only seeks to hurt the
rest of his family by any means he can.
Both he and his uncle cashing in on
revenge." So to Lady C, we've obviously
got a huge amount to unpick on this new
crisis engulfing the British royal
family, but I want to start with this
revelation. It has been confirmed, Lady
C, by the way, in the last few hours by
the Daily Mail as well that these
conversations between Earl Spencer and
Prince Harry about the book did take
place at all. Now, they're saying Harry
hasn't read the full book. I mean, I
don't think Harry ever reads a book,
does he? I mean, that's no surprise.
Doesn't mean he wasn't conspiring on the
whole thing. And it's actually quite
shameful, I think, that he's arrived
back just as this book tries to destroy
Charles.
Well, I think rarely, Dan, it's
unforgivable
because Charles Spencer I know
personally is utterly unscrupulous
[snorts]
and will do anything when that he feels
he should he wants to do. I mean, I
remember when he literally stole at my
table at a charity event. No tables.
>> How dare.
>> Well, exactly. But tables cost money.
And he absolutely he came. He My name
was there. He when I came back, he was
sitting down. I said, "Excuse me, that's
my table." And he refused to move. I
said, "Well, look, it's my table." He
said, "No, it's mine." I said, "It can't
be yours. You're not Lady Colin
Campbell. The table clearly says Lady
Colin Campbell." he refused to move and
ultimately Charles uh Peter Stringfellow
who owned the establishment
uh sorted it out. But uh but so the
point I'm making is Charles Spencer is
and always was known to be utterly
utterly selfish centered on scrupulous.
I know things that he's done to some of
his wives and fiances
that would make your hair stand on end.
One of his women was this [snorts]
granddaughter-in-law of a great friend
of mine. Charles Spencer is poisonous.
Most of his children don't speak to him.
Most of his ex-wives don't speak to him.
I mean, you could say that might be
understandable, but what man sets up his
then wife to betray her and co and when
she sues when and and then he pays for
his mistress to sue his ex-wife. Well,
of course, ultimately he had to pay the
the now ex-wife's costs. The man is a
nasty piece of work and always was. And
I'm going to tell you something that
happened to me in 1975
right after I came back from New York
having separated from my husband
Maryanne Iniscar. The Iniscars are the
Dukes of Rox. She's dead now. She was a
great friend of mine. She was married to
Robert Armstrong, the the famous
racehorse trainer whose sister was
Lester Pigot's wife sister. Anyway, he
she said to me, she said, "You know,
Georgie, when you married Colin, my
heart went out to you." She said, I she
said, "You had no idea that you were
marrying into one of the two most
notorious families in the United
Kingdom." And then she said there are
girls in Scotland and the Spencers in
England. So this was six years before
Diana married Charles. So the Spencers
have always been known to be nasty,
poisonous, vicious people. And Charles
Spencer, I don't believe a word of it
because remember I
>> This is what I was going to say. You
don't believe that King Charles made
that comment about Princess Diana who
had just died?
>> I know he didn't. I know he didn't. And
I'm going to tell you how I know he
didn't. Remember, I'm the person who
wrote the first book that that revealed
all that was going on with Charles and
Diana. Andrew Morton did not write it.
He was given credit by the press for
writing it, but I had written it and he
simply repeated a lot of what my
revelations were. Uh, and when she died,
I was totally involved with the whole of
the process uh, in terms of publishers,
newspapers, members of the family and I
knew exact Charles was absolutely
distraught when she died.
Now in my opinion he was distraught
because he was had been genuinely fond
of her. I mean people don't want to
believe that in the early days they
actually loved each other but they did.
I mean don't take my word for it. Ask
other people who were there at the time.
They were always touching each other and
calling each other darling. And I mean
the marriage unraveled pretty quickly.
But but the ma Charles has been very
very much mistreated in terms of the
unraveling of the marriage because Diana
developed bulimia between the
announcement of the engagement and the
marriage and that destabilized her
totally and caused all sorts of
emotional problems. And the family
didn't know about it until during the
honeymoon. And during the honeymoon,
they discovered and Donna refused to
have any medical attention for the next
several years. By the time she died, she
was on medical treatment and she had
started to come to terms with her
demons. Now, I'm not saying that Charles
is perfect, but I know as a fact he was
absolutely griefstrickitten, and they
were getting along pretty well by the
time she died. And she was all in favor
of him marrying Camila, and she was
going to marry as well. So,
Charles Spencer coming out with that
Charles said that I I can well see
Charles Spencer saying to to the then
Prince Charles, "Oh, you know, nobody
will ever forgive and forget Diana and
uh and blah blah blah." And I can well
see
Prince Charles saying,
"Excuse me, what are you on about?" you
know, uh, and and rebutting it. But as
it has been prevent presented, I think
it's unbelievable. I don't believe it.
It's not credible. And may I point out
that my children mix in circles that
overlap his children. Just let me make
that point for what it's worth. And his
children have nothing nice to say about
him. He is a poisonless, vicious man. He
is nasty, bitter, and twisted. And I am
waiting to hear to read the book to see
what he says about his mother. Because
up to now, everything he has ever said
about his mother has been a lie. And I
know it's been a lie because I know the
court proceedings that his mother
undertook to to try to regain custody of
him and Diana. And he has the
unmititigated goal to say that his
mother abandoned him. The man is vicious
and poisonous and clearly disordered.
Clearly as was Diana. And it has to be
said as is Harry and you know also
mental instability runs in the Spencer
family
>> and so does Austinis. His grandfather
Blackjack
>> was a terrible wife beater.
>> His father
Johnny used to beat up
his mother Francis. That's one of the
reasons why she left. and she petitioned
for divorce on the grounds of his
cruelty to her. And the only reason why
she didn't succeed was that her mother
said, "I'm not going to allow my
grandchildren to be removed from the
royal fold because they were living on
the Sanway estate." and Johnny Spencer,
then Orthrop had been uh an aquari to
the queen. And Lady Foy, the
grandmother, was a a woman of the bed
chamber to Queen Elizabeth, the queen
mother. and he and they wanted to block
Francis from being able to have custody
of the children to take them to
Australia where they would be brought
up. And that's what happened. And and so
a judge faced with the testimony of a
mother against her daughter believed the
wife beating son-in-law.
That's what happened.
>> Lady, obviously the statement from
Buckingham Palace is historic. A lot of
comparisons to the late queen after the
Oprah Winfrey interview. Recollections
may vary. Officially, the palace said,
"While we do not comment on books as a
matter of principle, his majesty is
mindful that the pain of fraternal grief
can cloud reason, affect judgment, and
color memory in ways others do not
recognize, even many years after such a
loss." But they've gone further, Lady C.
This morning, King Charles's former
senior extortier, Julian Payne, has
appeared on the BBC's Today program to
insist that behind the scenes, the king
always respected the memory of Diana
listen. But first, do you remember when
energy used to feel effortless? You'd
get through a workout, a long day, a bad
night's sleep, and still feel sharp. But
as you get older, trust me, it can start
to feel like your body and brain don't
have the same spark they used to. Here's
the interesting part. That's not in your
head. It's biology. When we're younger,
our bodies naturally produce and
regenerate high levels of creatine. But
as we move into our 40s and beyond, that
production steadily declines. And that
means less readily available energy for
both our muscles and our brains. That's
exactly why Qualia Creatine Plus was
created. Here's the key thing though.
You can't just take any old creatine and
assume it's doing the job. It has to
actually get into your cells and then be
activated so your body can use it
properly. That's why Qualia creatine
plus is different. It combines two
clinically studied forms of creatine
with electrolytes, all chosen to support
absorption and activation. It includes
easy to mix micronized creatine
monohydrate in a new form called Opti
Creatine plus creatine magna power along
with a precise amount of sea salt to
help support uptake where it matters
most. What makes this stand out is that
it's not just creatine, it's the
delivery system your body needs to make
it work for you. We're way past the dark
ages of creatine being just for gym
bros. Creatine is critical for energy,
metabolism, cognition, and healthy
aging, not just lifting like a
bodybuilder. So, go to qualia.com/dan
for 50% off. And here's a bonus. Use the
code dan for an additional 15% off your
order. That's qu u a l i a life.com/dan
and use the code dan. And thank you so
much to Qualia for sponsoring this
episode. Now back to the show.
>> I have to say I just don't recognize the
way the king is is characterized in
those remarks. I personally was working
for him during the 20th anniversary of
the late princess's death in 2017. And
naturally, we ended up discussing her
several times during that summer because
the media interest was so intense. What
I remember was he was very clear that
there was never to be any criticism,
never to be any push back on the
narratives that were usually highly
critical of him, but he was absolutely
emphatic that we were to respect her
memory and not undermine it in any way.
So it seems to me very odd that in the
moment itself with the grief of his
family and his own shock that he would
choose that moment to to use those
words. It's just not language that I
recognize. And Lady C, he also explained
why Buckingham Palace decided to break
this longunning tradition and speak out
overnight.
>> The statement from the palace I think is
highly unusual given so many books are
written and very few in my experience
are very accurate. So they don't they
just don't challenge them. But this is a
much more personal situation given its
author and therefore has a greater
ability to to do harm. And that's why I
feel the palace has felt the need to set
the record straight and deny these
remarks have been made. And as I say
given the amount of things that they
don't comment on, you can appreciate the
strength of feeling that there must have
been for them to feel that they needed
to go out there and correct it. And also
it concerns parenting really at the
heart of it. You know, the El Spencer
also talks about disagreeing with the
plan for his nephews, Prince William and
Prince Harry, then age 15 and 12 to walk
behind their mother's coffin during the
funeral procession. It doesn't get more
personal than that, does it?
>> I I think you're absolutely right. I
mean, again, there are many people who
have said in the past that that wasn't
something which the king himself was
pushing for. that that phrase
recollections may vary has perhaps never
been more needed than in than in the
situation we're facing today.
>> What do you think, Lady C? I mean, he
wasn't there in 97, but tw but at the
20th anniversary, Charles was completely
respectful behind the scenes. Well, I
know that when I was
researching my postumous biography,
uh I spoke to people and for instance
Mick Mick S Nicholas uh Winston
Churchill's grandson who's a great
friend of the king when after my book
and the Morton book were published
before Dana died, he made one or two
very disparaging comments about Dan
And I know to my as as a result of my
friends within that circle that the king
said to him, please don't and the king
ordered all his friends as well. Not
only Nick, he ordered everybody else,
don't say anything to defend me against
Diana. This was in the runup to the
divorce and
that was his policy. And I actually
think I mean it's 30 years ago now but I
think I actually pointed out in my
postuous biography the real dad that
that was Charles's attitude and none of
it is credible because
let's remember
uh Charles Spencer
is is now making assertions that
actually aren't accurate. it. For
instance, everybody says Harry was 12.
Harry was a week short of his 13th
birthday. Harry was 13.
When Prince Phillip was 16, he walked
behind his favorite sister's
coffin, the hereditary Grand Duchess of
Pest, who with her husband, her three
children, and her mother-in-law had been
killed in a plane crash. I mean, you the
photographs are out there.
Little Caroline Kennedy and John John
Kennedy who I think was three years old
at the time. They took part in President
Kennedy's funeral as well there. And the
fact that these children were walking,
there's nothing unusual about it. And
Charles Spencer saying it's barbarous.
This is a man who his wives accused of
beating them up and being and abusing
them and driving and and mocking their
their health problems.
That wasn't barbarous. But walking
behind a coffin, which is a mark of
respect, was barbarous. And I think
Charles Spencer, who's a poisonous piece
of work, and Harry, who's also
poisonous, have joined forces to create
as much havoc as they can. And let's
remember, make as much money for
themselves as they can because without
the Diana connection, Charles Spencer
would have been in huge trouble
financially. Before the Diana
connection, his father was in huge
trouble financially because Ol is a very
expensive house to ma maintain and even
during the marriage with Charles and
Diana during the marriage they Lord and
Lady Spencer as they then were were busy
selling a and Charles Spencer has
condemned them for it selling various
treasures
and I know who they sold them through
because Clifford Henderson was a friend
of my stepmother-in-law Margaret Argal
and that's how I met him and Clifford
was my neighbor in the Candy Street
flats and Clifford used to used to
organize the sales of all of these
chattles and then Charles Spencer when
his father and stepmother Rain were were
selling them he was busy complaining
about it. But once he inherited, he had
to continue selling all the things. And
then of course he he had the great good
fortune of having his sister die. And so
he could have her grave at all. And
let's remember he had a whole exhibition
room for people to make money off Diana.
So the man is is malicious to the nth
degree. I think he's a nasty piece of
work and I've always said it. So I'm not
saying anything now that I haven't said
for the last over 40 years now.
>> Yeah. And I should just point out that
he was accused of bullying by two former
wives in divorce related court
documents. Of course, they are civil and
matrimonial allegations rather than
criminal charges of physical or sexual
abuse. But I do also just want to point
out, Lady C, some receipts from the
royal commentator Victoria Arbiter,
which I thought were important because
of course, Lady C, you know this, I know
this, but a lot of people have forgotten
about this. So, Earl Spencer actually
released a statement at the time at the
time denying that there was any issue
with Charles. So this was via AP. Okay.
So this was this was at the time he said
that there was no clash with the palace
or king Charles over Diana's funeral
plans. These are his own words. We were
united in the aim of giving Diana a
suitable funeral and all arrangements up
to and including the service were agreed
amicably between the Lord Chamberlain's
office and myself. The Lord Chamberlain
of course a Buckingham Palace official.
And there's more because this report
published in the Evening Standard in
2012 makes clear just how difficult his
relationship with Diana was before her
death. Diana's brother had written to
her in April 1996,
saying that after years of neglect on
both sides, their relationship was the
weakest he had with any of his sisters
and that he had become a peripheral part
of her life. Worse, Spencer accused
Diana of being a fickle friend who was
manipulative and deceitful. So, Lady C,
I just thought it's worth mentioning
some of those receipts. Okay.
>> Absolutely. Absolutely. And I'm glad you
did because that's the reality. Um, I've
often said that Charles Spencer and
Diana effectively had no relationship by
the time she died. and that, you know,
when she approached him to have a house
on the estate, he absolutely refused to
allow it. And and
I remember at the time the the
speculation that the king might have
been having problems with the Spencers
and this this was speculation
and and Charles Spencer came out and
confirmed that there was no actual
problem between his, you know, the king,
the present king of course uh and and
him. So where he comes up with all of
this now of course it's to sell a book
and let's remember not only are they
selling the book but
they are doing yet another variation of
what happened with spare you know oh
there's a breakin can you imagine a
break into an articulated lorry in a
layby and they only steal four copies of
one book. I mean, are we do these people
rarely think that we are as stupid as
they are with their stupid lies?
Lady Colin Campbell, thank you so much.
Do stand by though because there is much
more breaking royal news to get into
today. Harry and Megan may have faked
this video that they made to try and
prove their UK return. with some people
even questioning now whether Megan
Markle is here at all. So, we're going
to get into this. Plus, these new claims
from America, out of America, that Megan
has now been sent back to the UK to
destroy the British royal family. So
much more going on. Come and join Lady
Colin Campbell and I over on Substack at
www.outspoken.live.
That's where the paid monthly and annual
subscribers get first access to the full
royal uncanced after show. I very much
hope to see you there.
Dan Morton Outspoken is your no spin, no
bias, no censorship outlet for
independent news. We have no big tech
backing or billionaires pulling my
[music] strings. But that does mean I
need your support. So please hit
subscribe on YouTube, turn on the
notification bell, and subscribe to Dan
Morton Outspoken on Spotify or Apple
Podcasts. It's totally free, but allows
me to continue my promise to always keep
fighting for you.