Breaking today, Prince Harry and Meghan

Markle declare war publicly on the

British royal family as they try to

overshadow Prince George arriving for

his first day at Eaton. as they try and

overshadow the king and his declaration

that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will

never return as royals by releasing not

only new images showing Harry for the

first time in the United Kingdom and

Megan looking weird as per but also a

public claim of a conspiracy

of course. Now I feel like on the fourth

anniversary of the death of Queen

Elizabeth II, we are just turning the

clock back to that awful era.

And that is why today I am clearly

demanding that the king needs to go

further, much further and much faster

because Harry and Megan are proving that

they will not play your game, your

majesty.

They are proving that they are here to

cause carnage, to cause chaos.

They are proving that they are here to

hit out publicly at the British royal

family when you are simply allowing your

staff members to do their jobs and this

cannot stand. So if you're just catching

up about how we got to this royal war of

words, well, it first emerged via the

Daily Telegraph's deputy royal editor

Victoria Ward overnight. Now, she is a

very significant woman in all of this

because she was leaked the story of

Harry and Megan returning to the UK in

the first place, even though even today

that still hasn't been publicly

confirmed on the record. And Ward is

known as being the pro- Sussex

mouthpiece within the Telegraph. So, she

revealed as part of a wider news piece

this fury from team Sussex while

boasting they expect a security U-turn

as soon as this week. That reporting was

then picked up by the BBC and went

around the world. But let me just take

you through what she first revealed. The

Telegraph understands the release of the

letter came before a crunch meeting of

the Royal and VIP executive committee,

Ravik, the home office committee

responsible for making decisions about

royal security, which is expected to

take place as early as Tuesday. The

Sussex camp is thought to be concerned

that the timing of the announcement may

be linked to this meeting. But then we

come to the bombshell, the grenade being

thrown by these despicable fake royals,

where a spokesman for the Duke and

Duchess admitted that the release of the

letter had taken them off guard. We were

a little surprised not to have been told

about this in advance, he said. So,

we're talking about Liam Maguire right

now. Can I just say to Mr. Maguire and

his clients, Prince Harry and Meghan

Markle, I don't think you've warned the

British royal family over the past 6

years about any of the despicable

behavior your clients or you have put

out. Did you warn Queen Elizabeth II

you're about to accuse her institution

of racism in the Oprah Winfrey

interview? Did you warn the late Queen

that you were about to attack the

Commonwealth in your Netflix

documentary? I don't think so.

Now, a Buckingham Palace source then

categorically denied to the Telegraph

that the timing of the letter had

anything to do with the security issue,

reiterating that protection was a matter

for the government. Lord Ben, who

represents the royal household, sent the

letter to clarify the Sussex's public

status after a number of requests for

guidance.

And then of course it ricocheted all

around the world with a tick tock from

the sun claiming that the letter was

shared with the Sussex's at 159 p.m.

And 20 minutes later, Harry's office

asked Buckingham Palace if the guidance

had gone out already. So what Harry and

Megan were attempting to do was snooker

the palace to try and stop the palace.

So, actually in this case, the palace

was completely right to send the letter

once it was a state of complete, once

the letter had already been sent.

At 3:09 p.m., according to the son's

timing, Prince Harry left a meeting and

was reached by his office to be made

aware of the letter, which was 3 minutes

after it was made public. It comes as

the royal family marked the 4th

anniversary of the death of Queen

Elizabeth today. However, the Daily Mail

reports that Palace sources claim Harry

and Megan are incorrect and had been

sent a copy of the letter before it was

published. The couple were not consulted

on the contents of the statement,

however. So, who do you believe here?

Who do you believe here?

I'm telling you in this case and you

know I will always judge every situation

as an independent reporter outside of

the royal wrote or outside of the

mainstream media. I will judge every

situation on a case-by case basis. But

in this case I believe the palace.

I think Harry is purposely attempting to

cause drama. I think all of the briefing

that we've seen over the past few weeks

that he is a changed man, that his war

with the British royal family, with the

British royal public is at an end is

poppycock.

My reporting that he came here to cause

chaos and try and bring down the British

royal family is being proven correct.

And that is why I think we saw this

perfectly timed picture being released

of Prince Harry. Now, he was at a studio

in central London, Towerbridge Studios.

And what is going on here? Is this the

start of a Prince Harry media

reemergence? Because these are the

studios where they filmed Diary of a

CEO, the famous podcast, and the BBC's

Apprentice.

The studios posted two pictures to their

Instagram after he signed their will,

describing it as an absolute pleasure to

meet the prince. In a message on

Instagram, the studio posted, "Thank

you, Prince Harry, for choosing

Towerbridge Studios. It was an absolute

pleasure to have you in our studios and

signing our wall. We look forward to

welcoming you back again.

But unfortunately, none of this is now

good enough. And actually, Tom Sykes of

the Royalist, who has today described

King Charles's letter as hopelessly

inadequate, is being proven right.

Proven right by Harry's behavior.

Indeed, Tom Sykes even used a naughty

word to describe this statement.

While Harry and Megan demand special

treatment and attack the royals, the

mainstream media still texts them on

Outspoken. I call it out with no buyers.

So, subscribe right now for the full

story every day. Well, what has he

clarified actually? Because to tell you

the truth, I've been reading a statement

and I'm even more confused than I was

when uh it first went out. Um it's

absolutely uh this statement that they

have issued is a masterclass of uh

 Frankly,

>> Sykes also pointed out the lunacy of the

Sussex's still refusing to confirm they

are even back in the UK.

>> This is incredibly the first official

acknowledgement from anybody in

authority that the Sussexes have

actually moved back to Britain. And just

before we went on air, I messaged the

Sussex office saying, "Are you now

prepared to say that they are at least

living in the United Kingdom?" They

still won't say it. It's unbelievable.

And and the reason that they are giving

that they won't say it is that they are

concerned that if they publicize their

geographical location, it will undermine

their case that they are trying to

protect their security by not

publicizing it, if you see what I mean.

It it's incredibly cynical.

>> And let's just think about this for one

moment. Harry said earlier this year

that he is a member of the British royal

family. So fundamentally

this letter issued I think reluctantly

by the king I think after pressure from

Prince William and his senior staff hurt

him. It was like a dagger to the heart.

And so what we've seen is that within

weeks, this constant merrygoround of

attacks between Harry and the British

royal family is going to continue. I

just want to remind you of Harry in

Ukraine earlier this year where he made

clear to Chris Ship of Wokai TV that he

is still a royal in his head.

>> Harry, do you recognize that phrase, not

a working royal? I mean, it strikes me.

You're obviously from the royal family.

You're here doing a trip bringing

attention to a really important cause

that risks being forgotten. Do you

recognize that description of you?

>> No, I'm I I will always be part of the

royal family and um and I'm here working

and doing the very thing that I was born

to do. Um and you know, and I enjoy and

I enjoy doing it. I enjoy being able to

do these trips and and come and support

the people that I've met before, the

friends that I've that I've uh that I've

that I've made. um and hopefully

bringing attention to issues that you

know for one reason or another drop out

of the news because something else has

popped up. Um but you know I'm grateful

to all of you guys being here and and

telling telling these stories that so

desperately need to be told. Um I

understand focus will shift to different

places. Um, but ultimately, as I said,

what I see, what I hear, and what I

learn is that the vast majority of

people, whether you're in the UK or

whether you're anywhere else in the

world, want to see proper leadership,

and they want to see an end to these

conflicts. Um, whether that's through

diplomacy, whether what, however we can,

however we can bring these conflicts to

an end for the sake of everybody now,

but also uh for the for the future of of

younger generations coming through. Do

you think any of this is going to have a

impact on the big state visit next week?

>> Any of any of what

>> any of what you've said here will have

an impact on a big state? I don't think

so. Not at all.

>> Lee Cohen is an expert in UK US

relations has been for many decades, but

also a top royal commentator and

columnist for GB News, the Daily

Telegraph, The Spectator, and also his

own tea with Lee. and he joins me now.

So Lee Cohen, we spoke earlier today

about this major breaking news of Prince

George arriving at Eaton for his first

day at school, but as is the Sussex

playbook, Lee brutally, disgustingly

overshadowed by this new war of words,

what on earth is Harry doing publicly

responding to this letter from King

Charles if he has no problem with the

contents of the letter?

Well, Dan, what a pleasure to be with

you and thank you again for having me.

Um, I was really struck by the clip that

you just showed of Prince Harry and the

discussion of being a member of the

royal family because there's a lot of

semantics there that are fuzzy because

of course he is still a member of his

family which happens to be the royal

family but he it has been made clear in

no uncertain terms that he is no longer

a working royal.

So I think he's taking a lot of liberty

there saying he'll always be always be a

member of the royal family which of

course he will always be a member of his

family which is the royal family but

what what is in his head is is it in his

head that notwithstanding this very

strong statement that was made uh after

the Sandingham summit when the great

beloved queen may she rest in peace on

this uh anniversary of her death when

she laid down the law and now has been

reinforced by his father, the king, the

queen's son.

Another thing that really struck me

about that clip that you said uh that

that I find absolutely astonishing

is um you know Harry's

the the the brua the absolute um he he

just doesn't get it. He's not in tune

with reality, his tone, and um he he's

he's not willing to play by the rules.

And that's s such a hallmark of what his

family is all about is to to respect

conventions. And he doesn't he doesn't

have any respect for conventions. And

therefore, he doesn't have any respect

for the institution and the royal family

that he claims nevertheless to be a part

of. And one final observation

uh of of that clip is that um you know

he's clearly

you know out there freewheeling it

doesn't care does and you know when he

he doesn't have any attachment to public

opinion which clearly is against this.

So where what is he thinking? He's just

not in touch with reality.

>> He's not in touch with reality at all.

And the thing is, Lee, this is a tough

one, isn't it? Because,

you know, there are people in two camps.

And you've got the people who want to

defend King Charles and almost have rose

tinted glasses and believe that he's had

nothing to do with Prince Harry and

Meghan Markle's return, which I

personally don't agree with. And I my

reporting doesn't back that up. and I

think it's naive. But then you also have

the people who want to at any

opportunity attack the king and say that

the king is bringing down the British

royal family. Now I actually took a more

nuanced position yesterday which is that

I think the letter was broadly positive

and I think the fact that Prince Harry

is not happy about the letter proves

that the letter was broadly positive if

you see what I mean. But I do agree that

Charles has to go further. And the

problem is he probably won't. And what

Tom Sykes is pointing out, Lee, is why

why this letter actually is inadequate.

So I just want to take you through some

of his thinking, Lee,

>> and then I'll see if you agree.

But first, if you've tried to quit

vaping or smoking and keep ending up

back where you started, you need to hear

about fume. And here's the reframe.

Okay, this is important. You are not the

problem. How you're trying to quit is

nicotine pouches, patches, and gum deal

with the chemical side. Cold turkey

leaves you white nut clean on willpower

alone. The real issue is that vaping

isn't just about nicotine. It's a habit.

Now, I've seen this up close. I will

admit it because my fiance has been

working to quit vaping and the hardest

part hasn't been willpower. It's those

automatic moments where the hand reaches

for something without even thinking.

That's why Fume works. It's a flavored

air device that gives your hands, mouth,

and brain something better to reach for

when cravings hit. No nicotine, no

vapor, no batteries. Fume isn't a vape.

It's designed to distract you from

craving when willpower isn't enough. It

feels like a real object though, not a

gadget, so it's fidget satisfying. And

the mint cores give a nice throat hit,

not as strong as a vape, which is

exactly the point. There are over 10

interchangeable flavors from classic

peppermint, crisp mint to spearmint ice,

maple pepper, and peach blush. Over a

million people have already used Fume to

quit differently. So grab a journey pack

and get a free gift with purchase using

my code outspoken. addiction is really

good at saying later. Don't let it. Head

to trifume.com.

So that is trfu

m.com

and use the code outspoken for a free

gift with your first purchase. I'm going

to pop a link in the description below

this video. And thank you to Fume by the

way, such an important product for

sponsoring today's episode. But now back

to the show.

So he poses the question, do we bow to

Harry and Curtsy to Megan?

And he says the palace's clarification

actually deepens the confusion about

that. He claims actually this is now the

worst managed period by the British

royal family since the death of Princess

Diana 30 years ago. And he says, "For

the past two weeks, generals, ministers,

and county grandees have been ringing

out Buckingham Palace asking,"What are

we supposed to do with these two? Do we

bow? Do we curtsy? Do we invite them?

Who pays for police protection if they

come down to our village fate?" And the

palace flunkies had no answer to give

them for 2 weeks. And Sykes says that is

a shocking dereliction of duty committed

while King Charles was blasting grouse

out of the sky at Bal Moral. And as a

source memorably put it to him, losing

himself amongst the heather.

And he says that this line in uh

particular about recourse to public

funds

is a real issue because he says Lee it

suggests that courtesies are indeed owed

to Harry and Megan and it even

anticipates situations where recourse to

public funds may be required. And he

argues, hang on, if they are private

citizens akin to a wealthy family with

charitable interests, why would recourse

to public funds be required? It simply

doesn't make any sense. If public funds

are require are available when required,

it is very hard to argue their position

is akin to that of private individuals.

If courtesies are still to be extended,

it is very hard to argue that they are

not being protected and encouraged by

the king, as the king seems to want to

pretend they are not.

So, do you agree, Lee?

that actually there are some issues with

the letter in that it doesn't answer a

lot of the questions that the officials

up and down the country are worried

about and indeedly maybe it goes one

step further and actually raises the

possibility that they are deserving of

some public funding which of course to

me is just something that cannot even be

countenance like it's revolting

completely. Uh now I am more inclined to

to be happy about this because I think

it is really the first time Dan that

we've seen a firm law a firm line drawn

in the sand uh addressing the issue of

their return at all. And I think it does

put them in their places and it does

take them down a peg and it it makes it

clear that on one level uh the palace is

not going to be trifood with. However,

I must say that I too was struck by the

discussion of should they need public

funds in that because it's absolutely

unfathomable

that private citizens would

in any way be eligible for public

funding. Why? They're not representing

anyone but themselves. They're not doing

the work of the government. they're not

representing the state. They're not

doing the work of the royal family. Why

at all should they be entitled to any

public funds uh visa v their security or

anything else? Um, the other place where

I feel that uh the letter does fall

short is that it doesn't go far enough

because we know that Harry and Megan are

going to continue to haunt the royal

family, the monarchy, and the nation

until they are dispossessed of their

titles, until they are removed from the

website, until Harry, who's proven

himself to be untrustworthy,

just to the maximum, and until he's

removed from being a counselor of state,

how on earth could this man who

committed these unforgivable acts

against country and family and crown be

entitled to be a counselor of state, be

entitled to sit in for the monarch under

certain circumstances? That makes no

sense at all.

>> Totally totally right. You're completely

right.

>> And of course this week, Lee,

unfortunately, again, it has been

overshadowed. But really, it's so

significant for William because not only

has Prince George started at Eaton

today, tomorrow it has been confirmed,

Lee, that William will stand in for King

Charles at the funeral of King Harold of

Norway. M

>> pretty significant really. Princess

Anne, the Princess Royal is also going

to be there more in a personal capacity,

but it is William who will attend

as representation of the throne.

And I mean, this is a big moment. Norway

has seen an outpouring of grief for

their monarch who died on August the

28th aged 89.

So a big moment I guess for William

coming tomorrow Lee and again

he will be utterly furious

in part of respect for the Norwegian

people and for King Harold's memory but

he will be absolutely furious if again

he arrives at the state event mired in a

controversy surrounding Prince Harry and

godamn Meghan Markle.

>> Well completely. I mean, you know, it's

it's very challenging to keep a schedule

like uh the Prince of Wales keeps, like

the king keeps uh you know, against all

odds. He's uh not not a wellman as we

know. And um so I'm certainly glad that

there are reliable options like the

Prince of Wales and Princess Royal who

can deputize for the king at these very

highprofile moments. and you know other

less high-profile moments, but this is

really a moment on the world stage. And

Harry's shown himself to be

untrustworthy just in, you know, the the

day-to-day activities, let alone when

the spotlight is upon him or if, God

forbid, he is handed any kind of mantle

of official representation. God forbid,

that would spell disaster.

>> Indeed. Indeed, it would. Lee Cohen, uh,

it's going to be a real moment for him,

isn't it?

>> Uh, I'm sorry for for the Prince of

Wales deputizing or for Harry,

>> for William.

>> Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Now, he he

he has had some moments like this

before. I I remember I was very proud

that that one-on-one meeting he had uh

with the president of my country, the

United States, uh where uh President

Trump walked away and just had, you

know, the most sparkling things to say

about the Prince of Wales. um you know

the the fact that the president of the

United States uh accords a lot of um

affection and respect for the royal

family that really tells you what the

stakes are that you know purportedly the

world's most powerful man like him or

not there are difference differences of

opinion on President Trump but still in

all that really says something about the

importance of the monarchy the

importance of the job it does the soft

power aspect effects and the diplomacy.

And Dan, as you know, uh the the

monarchy enables Britain, which is, you

know, experiencing its own challenges in

in in government over the past longer

than a decade where successive

governments under successive parties

have

led with malpractice. Um the the

monarchy is the thing that in the eyes

of the world really I believe allows

Britain to punch above its weight and

therefore you cannot allow in any way

someone like Prince Harry who is

unreliable untrustworthy

exhibits terrible judgment and doesn't

know the word responsibility. You could

it it's unthinkable to think that he

could ever step in to represent his

country like William his brother is

going to do at

>> so true.

>> So true. So well put Lee look I also

want to look at these ongoing rumors and

I think in fact I know that these are

being fed by the Sussex's to try and

almost push William and Catherine into a

situation where they have to give in.

But what we're going to do, and they

have to give in, and I'm talking about

giving in to William and to to Harry and

Megan. But what we're going to do, Lee,

is move over to Substack and continue

that conversation at www.outspoken.live.

My paid monthly and annual Substack

subscribers get first access to the

Royal Uncanced After Show with no

advertising whatsoever. I would love you

to be part of it at www.outspoken.live.

Dan Morton outspoken is your no spin, no

bias, no censorship outlet for

independent news. We have no big tech

backing or billionaires pulling my

strings. [music]

But that does mean I need your support.

So please hit subscribe on YouTube, turn

on the notification bell and subscribe

to Dan Outspoken on Spotify or Apple

Podcasts. It's totally free but allows

me to continue my promise to always keep

fighting for you.


