Harry and Megan are now a total freak

show. Harry is losing [music] his mind.

You're not a royal anymore, Harry. Their

UK return is turning into a total

nightmare. But my greatest fear is

yikes. It's being reported that Prince

Harry and Meghan Markle are examining

whether to sue King Charles and take

legal action over Buckingham Palace's

description of the couple as being

effectively private citizens. Obviously,

they hated being called ordinary people,

even though that's exactly what they

are. Now, they claim that the

terminology of private citizen could

have implications far beyond their

relationship with the royal family.

Well, cry me a river. I'm so sorry,

Harry and Megan, but you made your bed.

You have to lie in it. You left the

royal family. You gave up your royal

duties, Harry. You gave up your military

honors and your relationship with

William. You went to America. You

attacked the monarchy. You attacked the

UK press. You attacked the United

Kingdom. And of course, you attacked the

family you reap what you sow. Now,

sources claim that the Duke and Duchess

of Sussex, which is a title that I

resent using, and let me know in the

comments, should I, as Mark Dolan, the

global broadcaster and entertainer,

be the first person on air to strip

Harry and Megan of their titles? Let me

know what you think. Is it time for the

Mark Dolan Show, one of the biggest

shows online? And of course, our goal is

to be number one, and we're getting

there. Should the Mark Dolan Show strip

Harry and Megan of their HR and Duke and

Duchess titles? Let me know in the

comments. I'll let you decide. So,

sources claim that the Duke and Duchess

HR, did you know I'm not Meghan Markle

anymore? I'm Megan Sussex. They are

claiming that they're very unhappy about

the language contained in that letter

authorized by King Charles which

restated the terms of Megiti. It was a

brilliant letter because it was

humiliating to Harry and Megan. There

was nothing in it that was

controversial. It just reminded the

Sussex's of the terms and conditions of

Mexit as brokered as hammered out by the

late great Queen Elizabeth II. So there

was nothing in that letter that was

controversial. Harry and Megan have

treated it like it's some kind of

attack. Well, that's because they

specialize in victimhood. That is their

grift. And also they didn't like it

because it was the truth. and Harry and

Megan don't like the truth because they

are in a bubble. A bubble that allows

them to have the preconception that

they're wonderful good people, that

they're entrepreneurs, they're

humanitarians, they're philanthropists,

they're great parents. Megan's a great

TV host. She's the best actress since

Meryill Streep and Dame Judy Dench. This

is the bubble, the alternate reality of

Planet Sussex. And so when anything

happens such as

a letter from King Charles saying, "They

hate Brigue, but you're not royal

anymore." You see, when that happens,

they get very angry, like a wounded

animal. I've experienced it myself,

daring to speculate that this rival

royal court of the Sussexes, now

headquartered in the United Kingdom,

could cause huge damage for the

monarchy. I dare to speculate that

Archie and Lily, when they're older,

young adults, could cause problems for

Charlotte, Louie, and George William and

Katherine's children because a rival

royal court is never a good thing. It's

always a thorn in the side to the

monarchy. I dare to speculate about

that. Harry and Megan launched an

extraordinary attack on me. And why?

Because they don't like the truth. So,

they hated this letter because it

reminded them that they're incredibly

ordinary people. And in fact, folks,

that's an insult to ordinary people.

Because ordinary people set their alarm

in the morning, they drink a coffee,

they have a cup of morning joe, or maybe

they drink a tea, a Daisy Lee. Is it is

it called Rosie Lee? That's the Cockney

rhyming slang. People wake up in the

morning, they have a coffee, they have a

cup of tea, and they get off to work.

Sometimes in the middle of the night,

early hours, you name it. I've got so

many friends that work night shifts just

to pay the bills. There are folks

holding down two or three jobs to keep

the wolf from the door. So, in fact,

it's wrong to call Harry and Megan

ordinary people because they're not

ordinary like that. Ordinary people work

hard and give something back and are

constructive. ordinary people love their

families and friends and look after them

and don't attack them. So Harry and

Megan are not just VIPs. They're not not

that double negative. They're not even

ordinary folk because they're not good,

honest ordinary folk. They are

extraordinarily

entitled, extraordinarily negative and

toxic and extraordinarily bad news for

the royal family. So they don't like

that letter which states the truth. So

they've lashed out, of course, and we

know there was a row about the timing of

the letter. Were they given notice?

Well, they said they weren't. Buckingham

Palace then called the Daily Mail, a

newspaper that Harry hates, a newspaper

that could bankrupt Prince Harry as they

pursue him for unlimited legal expenses

following his failed legal action

against them. And Bucky Palace call the

mail and they say it's incorrect that

Harry did not receive this letter from

the king prior to its publication. That

was incorrect. Which is polite.

Buckingham Palace speak for lies. The

Sussex's are lying. Not my words.

Effectively the words of Buckingham

Palace and therefore King Charles. Now,

this guidance, this letter was

circulated among senior government and

military figures as well as other

officials and organizations likely to

encounter Harry and Megan in connection

with their activities in Britain. It's

my understanding that King Charles and

all these dignitaries, these important

military chiefs, they were very confused

about how to handle the Sussexes when

they appear at an event. Are you

supposed to bow to Harry? Are you

supposed to call him your royal

highness? Are you supposed to walk

backwards out of the room? What are the

rules of engagement? And King Charles,

as my understanding, was so sick and

tired of this ambiguity. So, he stepped

in and he published the letter. Now,

I've got to tell you that I'm really,

really worried about King Charles

because this was a good step. It wasn't

enough. And many of you have said to me

on this show via the comments that

actually the letter from King Charles

was weak. And within it, it should have

confirmed not only are they not working

royals and not part of the family. It

should have mentioned that they no

longer have access to HR titles. And

perhaps it should have been a statement

intent of intent saying that we are

going to remove the Duke and Duchess

titles from the couple and remove Prince

and Princess from Archie and Lily. In a

moment, I'm going to show you the

extraordinary Instagram video that Megan

did, which is an insult to our

intelligence when the couple talk about

privacy and safety. Now, you and I have

had a massive debate about safety in the

last couple of weeks.

And let me tell you that Megan does

herself no favors releasing this video

of her little small children

for the hungry eyes of the world.

Millions of people on Instagram,

newspapers, magazines, TV shows.

She has thrown Archie and Lily to the

wolves by making them internet stars.

And then we have the Sussex's telling us

about their safety and about their

privilege, sorry, their privacy. And you

know, we've had this debate about the

safety wall. The Sussexes are massively

undermining

any case for protection.

when they use their children, folks, as

literal clickbait.

Archie and Lily are being used as

clickbait

by their greedy

and selfish, famehungry,

money-grabbing parents. Because don't

tell me that making Archie and Lily part

of the Sussex brand, which is what

you're doing if you arrive in England

and then have pictures of little Lily on

a bicycle and all the rest of it, you're

making them part of your brand. You're

under no pressure to publish pictures of

your children because you're a private

individual. And even if you were a

member of the royal family, you would do

it the William and Katherine way, which

is discreetly

on their birthday or on Christmas Day,

special occasions. And it wouldn't be

that thing of the photograph from behind

or the emoji on the face. And be clear

that that does not protect children.

First of all, it's weird and ghoulish

and creepy looking. And secondly, it's

only going to create more interest in

the children if you show some but not

all of their face. So the whole thing is

wild and we'll get to that video in just

a moment. But the Sussex's, it's being

reported by Radar Online, who are

brilliant for royal exclusives, the

Sussex's are now considering

legal action

to get the title that they want because

they don't want to be ordinary private

citizens, even though private and

citizen is exactly what they asked the

queen they could have in 2020.

So the letter was there to reinforce the

fact that Harry and Megan are

non-working members of the royal family

to clarify how their independent

appearances and activities should be

treated. But Harry and Megan are raging

at being called and here's the quote

that it's my understanding sparked

meltdown for Harry.

The reference to Sussex's in the letter

akin to private citizens with commercial

and charitable interests. Now, sources

close to the Sussex's, the relentless

and ruthless Sussex public relations

machine, which never sleeps, claim that

Harry and Megan strongly object to any

suggestion that they can simply be

classified as private individuals given

their international profiles, charitable

activities, and continuing public

prominence. Well, first of all, they

have no international profile. Megan

went to Switzerland to lecture us about

social media or something in front of 11

people. Uh, one of the people there, I

don't think was watching the speech. She

was having trouble with her umbrella.

So, call it 10 fascinated people that

were enjoying Meghan Markle's keynote

speech to the world. International

profile. Are you kidding? Harry's

speeching engagements, right? Speaking

where he does a speech to like

corporates. He was charging a million

dollars a speech when he was uh just

after being a member of the royal family

2020. That's now $50,000 if he's lucky.

And those gigs I understand are not

coming in the charitable activities.

What you mean? Centibbal a charity that

Harry has lost control of following a

ugly public row with Dr. Sophie Chandaka

who now controls Cental. Are you talking

about Invictus

which is losing sponsors left and right?

Invictus mired in controversy just a few

days ago with a leading figure within

the Ugandan government saying we are

pulling out of Invictus because King

Charles is not involved. We start we

stand with King Charles. Now, this is

where I'm really worried because it was

an amazing thing to see such courage

from the Ugandan government

and it was an amazing thing to see such

courage from King Charles writing that

letter saying to Harry, "You're an

ordinary person or not even that."

And therefore, it's very worrying that

now the Ugandan government have done a

U-turn and will participate in Invictus

following some lobbying by, we're told,

King Charles. Now, this is devastating

and it tells me that King Charles has

been got at by the Sussex's and their

ruthless PR team who never sleep. So,

poor old King Charles has he's had a ton

of bricks come down on him. No doubt

he's had earache. He's been attacked and

he's felt the need to do Harry a favor,

throw him a bone and get you back Uganda

back on board. Now, I'm really worried

about this because Tom Bower told me

just a couple of days ago on this show,

if you haven't seen it, check out the

video. Tom Bower told me that

Harry's dream is for Charles to appear

at Invictus next year. And I'm really

worried that with all of this pressure

that's being put to bear on King Charles

right now that maybe he'll buckle and

he'll go and he mustn't because I've got

no problem with King Charles being

Harry's father. I've always said that

that is a relationship that cannot be

ended.

And I've always said that Harry never

chose to be the son of the king. So they

can have a relationship no problem. But

nothing can happen on my watch, which is

why I'm considering on this show

stripping Harry and Megan of their

titles.

I'm considering it. I need you to know,

let me know in the comments, right? Tell

me in the comments, should I strip them

of the titles? But whilst I consider

that and look at your views

on my watch, we cannot have a scenario

where Harry and Megan

are allowed to pretend to be royal.

And if Charles comes to Invictus, then

Invictus becomes a royal event. Harry is

the face of Invictus. Ergo, Harry is

royal. It can't be allowed to happen.

I'm not a monster. If King Charles wants

to see his father, see his son, and if

he wants Harry wants to see his old man

who's got cancer, let's not forget, and

is in his late 70s, no problem. Ideally,

not on royal property. I think it was a

betrayal of everything the Sussexes have

done for them to go to High Grove House

just a few weeks ago. And isn't it

amazing that it's being reported that

King Charles wasn't told by the couple

during that High Grove House encounter

that they were coming back. Imagine

coming home and not telling your old

man, "Welcome to the Sussex's."

So, what I'm really worried about is I

feel that King Charles

is feeling the pressure in the same way

that lovely Gwyneth Poutro, who's a

wonderful actress and a great

entrepreneur, she's everything Megan

would love to be and isn't. And it

really was shocking when she did a

comedy video mocking Meghan Markle. She

did her own version of the With Love

Megan cookery show and she was in a

night dress. She had the dog in the

background. She made eggs and the whole

thing was just an absolute mockery and a

comedy roast of Megan. Well, what

happens? Poor old Gwyneith Paltro gets a

call from her management

and the Sussex PR team which never

sleeps aren't happy. Couple of days

later, poor old Gwyneth Paltro like a

hostage video sits there with Megan

doing a another little comedy sketch

pretending nothing to see here. We're

the best of friends. So, this is what

happens. Do you remember when Harry and

Megan went to Chris Jenner's 70th

birthday party? Of course, Chris Jenner

is an amazing lady. She's the matriarch

of the Kardashian family. It was her

70th. And this row about whether or not

there was an opt out for the photos. And

when the party happened, there were

pictures of Harry and Megan floating

around. Of course, the Sussexes were

then embarrassed because it was

Remembrance Weekend. And they're out

partying whilst King Charles and William

and Katherine and Queen Camila were

mourning those we lost at war. And it

was a really bad look, especially

because Megan was not wearing her poppy,

which is there to acknowledge the

veterans. And they're just partying and

having fun whilst King Charles and

Katherine and William and Camila are

laying wreaths. It's not a good look. So

what happens? Sussex PR machine go

crazy. The Kardashians panic, delete the

photos, and a public row ensues. And

it's happened again now where it appears

that the Sussexes are trying to

control the king and manipulate him. He

did not need to step in and rescue the

invictus situation with Uganda

because first of all, Uganda is a

country that's free to make its own

judgments. And who can blame them for

stepping away from a charity which is

very noble and we love what it stands

for, but which is fronted

by such a problematic individual as

Harry.

A source close to the Sussexes claimed

Harry and Megan are not prepared simply

to accept being characterized as private

citizens when the reality of their lives

is considerably more complicated. Their

concern is that the king's wording could

establish a misleading description of

their status that is then repeated

by government departments and other

official organizations which they feel

could be especially legally damaging in

the context of their bids for increased

security in Britain. So that's what it's

about folks. It is about the security.

Well, it's about a lot of things and

I'll tell you why in just a moment. And

what do you have here? Therefore, you

have emotional blackmail. They're saying

you can't call us private citizens, even

though that's what we begged the queen

for in 2020. We got what we wanted. Now

we hate it because we realize we are

diminished

people that can't even be described as

public figures. They're so furious about

it because it's just a blow to their ego

and it thwarts Megan's megalamania.

Megan Lemania is [laughter] what it is.

It's Megan Lemania.

See, that's why we are number one.

That's how quickly I turned that round

in my head. We had Megalamania and Megan

Megan Lemania. That is how that was

live. That happened in real time. I'm

very lucky. It's my Tesla brain. I have

such a powerful brain that it's like a

Tesla, but not a Tesla from now. Like a

Tesla in 20 year, no 10 years time,

right? It's a it's a 20 36 Tesla brain.

that they haven't even invented yet.

That's how quick I am and it's why this

show is going to be number one. So,

we're hearing from the Sussex's PR

machine. Their concern is that the

king's wording could establish

misleading description of their status.

Are they calling the king misleading?

I mean, Harry and Megan are the Duke and

Duchess of misleading. Are they not?

specialize in misleading.

Whether it's the row with Katherine over

Charlotte's

bridesmaid dress, whether it's the

debated events around Harry's fight with

his brother at Nottingham Cottage,

whether it's recollections may vary over

the Oprah interview and the alleged

royal rais

whether it's speculation about the

actual date of their wedding, which

Megan said was before they got married,

swiftly contradicted by the Archbishop

of Canterbury, no less. And yet they're

worried about the king being misleading.

They're worried about fake news and

misinformation from the king

when Harry and Megan specialize in it.

The insider goes on to say, "The point

they're examining is whether describing

them in official correspondence as

effectively private citizens accurately

reflects their positions as public

figures. If they conclude that the

language has consequences beyond Palace

protocol, Palace protocol, they will

consider what avenues are available to

challenge or clarify it, whether that

will be a legal fight or a public

statement. You heard me right, folks.

Now, it hasn't been confirmed that this

will go legal, but they are looking at a

correction to this statement or a

possible lawyer's letter and potentially

actual legal action. Is that a good

idea? Given the fact that Harry once

sued the Daily Mail, gave up halfway

through, settled out of court in January

2024,

costing him probably $3 million because

of his own costs and the Daily Mail. He

then sues the British government for

armed raw protection, which he loses.

And then he calls that an establishment

stitch up because he's paranoid and is a

conspiracy theory because he he's a

conspiracy theorist because he's taken

too many mind-ing substance

over the years including the flower

sprinkles. My husband

and then he sues the Daily Mail based

upon zero evidence. All 97 claims thrown

out by a furious Mr. Justice Nicholan.

And after all of that and calling that

verdict, by the way, which was

completely decisive on the part of the

Daily Mail, calling that a whitewash,

enraged the judge so much that it looks

like he's going to grant the Daily Mail

unlimited legal expenses, which will

cost Harry upwards of 10, 15, 20

million. So in that context, we're now

bringing you the news that Harry is

thinking once again of suing in order to

have himself not designed as a private

individual.

Now the whole thing is deeply worrying.

I spoke to Tom Ba just a couple of days

ago and he said, "Look, Harry is on an

absolute mission and that he is going to

ram through

these efforts to become royal and that's

why I'm thinking of stripping them of

the titles on the Mark Dolan show. That

would be a major blow to the couple." If

the Mark Dolan show stops referring to

them as the Duke and Duchess and Archie

as Prince and Princess,

that'll be a devastating setback. That's

a big problem because we're reaching

hundreds of thousands of people every

day. So, if you've got one of the

biggest shows in the world, which is our

ambition, and my god, we're getting

there,

and you have a world-class host like

myself who has life experience,

journalistic expertise, decades in the

industry, a trained entertainer, a

skilled elite level broadcaster, a wise

person that swimmers build.

You know, I have a strong visual image.

I pop. I'm very lucky. It's genetics and

um

the cold plunge. You know, this isn't

just thrown together. The ketogenic

diet, little bit of pop Botox here and

there. I looked after myself. But the

bottom line is this. It's a big show

with a big host with a swimmer's build.

And if I take this extraordinary,

I'm very lucky, elite level talent that

I've got and this enormous audience,

which by the way is the best audience in

the world. You are the best. You are

number one. I'm going to be number one.

You're number one already.

Those comments. Oh my. Can I tell you

that my idea for stripping Harry and

Megan of their titles on this show came

from you? Shall I see if I can find the

email? This is live. That's how live

this show is. Let's quickly get it

because it's worth having. I do hope.

Yes. No, that's Debbie, which is a very

good Oh, there you go. Kathy, I got an

email from Kathy and she said, "Hi,

Mark. How about just Megan and Harry and

stop giving them the satisfaction of

Duke and Duchess? They don't behave like

royals that are worthy of those titles."

That is Kathy in the United States,

which is where half our audience

resides. We're also massive in the

United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland,

Australia. We are huge in Australia,

Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, the

Netherlands, Italy,

and Germany.

So,

not a bad idea, but here is the point

that I want to get to. If this show

strips Harry and Megan of their titles,

that is a problem for them because I'm

an influencer with a massive audience

and sway.

So,

I mean, I'm going to let you decide. So,

those comments, thank you so much for

that. That was an email, but the

comments as well. I get so many ideas

from the show.

And but here's the thing, right? So,

here's how it all plays out. Harry and

Megan are going to be a battering ram.

They're going to try so hard to

get their way and be half in, half out,

which is what the queen understood was

never going to be possible. And they

will try and they're going to do fake

royal tours. It's quite amazing, isn't

it? Because even the Times newspaper,

which is a proper incredible newspaper,

one of the oldest newspapers in the

world, the official newspaper of record

of the United Kingdom, when there are

births, deaths, and marriages, all of

that appears in black and white in the

Times. It's a venerated title owned by

Rbert Murdoch, who I think probably

would like to marry Meghan Markle when

she divorces Harry. I like Meghan

Markle. I'm Robert Murdoch. And I'm I'm

an older man now. I've got a few billion

in dollars. I'll marry Meghan Markle and

make her a star again. You see, put her

in my newspapers. She's attractive. She

has a good blood supply. It's got red

blood cells, white blood cells, and an

excellent enamel to

calcium ratio in her teeth. You see, I'm

Rupert Murdoch and I'd like to marry

Megan Markle. So the bottom line is that

they're going to fight tooth and nail to

be Oh, so that was I was just going to

say to you before we wrap this up that

the Times newspaper

had a headline in which they said Harry

and Megan announce their fake

effectively I'm paraphrasing the times

but Harry and Megan announced their

pseudo royal engagements for the next

four weeks. So when you've lost the

Times of London, when you've lost the

Woke Guardian, when there is evidence

that you've lost People magazine, which

is the mouthpiece of the Sussex's,

you know you're in trouble. So they'll

try everything. Maybe they'll take legal

action. But I'm afraid, Harry and Megan,

you cannot change reality via a court

verdict.

You are people of limited talent, of

zero

discretion and zero respect,

no integrity, that made millions by

attacking your family, attacking the

institutions of the United Kingdom, and

on more than one occasion

being untruthful. So why Harry and Megan

back? By the way, Harry homesick, the

couple are broke. Last ditch effort to

save the marriage. It's a roll of the

dice. If this doesn't work, it's over.

They don't want their children to be

American, which I think is incredibly

insulting to the American people. I

would I've got two boys who are

wonderful for their privacy. I call them

Elton and Bernie. I don't feature images

of them on the internet. I don't put

videos of them living their lives on

Instagram, even though I have a big

audience. And I even changed their name.

Their real names will never ever be

revealed. I call them Elton and Bernie.

And I'd be more than happy to live in

the United States. And my children to be

educated via the US education system,

which has produced some of the greatest

human beings in history, including no

less than Steve Jobs, a man without whom

I wouldn't be able to broadcast this

show today because I'm using so much of

his technology with which to do it.

Okay. Shall we take a look at the cruel

and unfair horror show of Meghan

Markle's Instagram videos of Archie and

Lily? I feel so sorry for Archie and

Lily. How dare the Sussex's attack me

for speculating on what they'll be like

when they are young adults and the rival

royal court and the problems for their

cousins. How dare they attack me when

they make their own children public

figures and figures of interest where

they take personal, very intimate,

private footage of Archie and Lily and

give it to the world in a cynical effort

to get clicks and headlines and yes to

make money. Because if you're making

Archie and Lily part of the Sussex

brand, there's an element to that Sussex

brand which is profitm. So therefore

indirectly you are using your kids for

clicks, for headlines, for brand

enhancement and yes for money. But take

a look. I'm so shocked by this.

[music]

You took a [music]

baby [singing] in the middle. The Sussex

Project is now a total freak show. Harry

and Megan's decision to release an

intimate video of their children

following the UK return is a sick joke.

It's an insult to our intelligence when

they talk endlessly about privacy and

safety. Megan has effectively revealed

their location in this video. You can

see where they are. There are people on

the internet now

doing searches of maps to find their

exact location. Megan's done that. She's

doxed her own family. Do you know what

doxing is? Doxing is when you reveal

someone's address on the internet so

that they can be subject to harassment

and maybe physical attack. Megan has

effectively doxed her own family and

she's the paparazzi photographer of her

own children.

Harry was furious about growing up with

paparazzi photographers. He feel that he

feels they were the ones who

precipitated the passing of his mother

Diana tragically in a Paris tunnel in

1997. Well, if he doesn't like paparazzi

photographers, then he needs to give his

head a wobble because he's married to

one that paps her own kids. The Sussex's

are shameless and they're planning huge

damage on the royal family. And Harry is

losing his mind if rumors are true that

he'll take legal action over the king's

description of him as an ordinary

person.

Here's my ultimate thought.

It's my view that the only thing that

Harry and Megan want to actually do

because they're never going to have a

job because they're not talented and

they certainly don't have the work

ethic. The only thing they want to

actually do is make life a misery for

William and Catherine, and they want to

destroy the royal family. Harry and

Megan's UK return is turning into a

total unending nightmare. But my

greatest fear is that they will hurt

William and Katherine. That they will

make William and Katherine feel

defeated.

That the Wales will think, well, it

doesn't matter how many hospital wings

we open. Doesn't matter how many great

charitable projects we participate in,

including the Earthshot Prize, including

of course wonderful, wonderful projects

by

including the Earthshot Award, including

William's amazing efforts to tackle

homelessness,

including Katherine's amazing work

connecting children and young people

with nature for their mental and

physical health. There's a real danger

that William and Katherine will throw

the towel in and feel defeated by Harry

and Megan because of the sheer number of

column inches that the Sussex's are

going to hoover up following their UK

return. That is my greatest fear that

they will make William and Catherine

miserable. They'll make them sad

that the Sussex's will steal attention

from important occasions like George's

first day at Eaton. I'm worried that

William and Katherine

will just feel

in the shadow of these two grifters. And

I really wish I could get hold of

William and Katherine and say, "Do not

worry because yes, Harry and Megan will

make headlines, but it will be negative

headlines. It will be negative noise.

And they can take the low road. You take

the high road. You're better than that.

And you're not in competition with these

people because Harry and Megan are

pretenders to the throne.

And you, William and Catherine, are on

the path to it.

Form is temporary. Class is permanent.

You're going to become king and queen.

It's not just that. It's not just your

constitutional destiny, which means you

don't have to compete with these

grifters. It's more than that. You're

amazing people. You're physically

stunning people who are super

attractive.

You're caring. You're discreet. You're

charming. You're funny. You're human.

You're British. You are authentic.

You're regal

and relatable

all at the same time.

William and Katherine, you're the real

deal. And Harry and Megan are a pair of

fakes. So, you're not in competition.

You're not in the race.

You've left them for dust. They are

eating your rubber

before they've even started. The UK

return of Harry and Megan is a dumpster

fire. It's a hot mess. It's dead on

arrival.

So, don't worry about those two. In

fact, I would say that whilst my great

fear is that Harry and Megan could hurt

and sadden William and Katherine and

eclipse their work, that's my fear. But

it's only a fear and it's not a fear I

acknowledge because it ain't going to

happen.

And what I would say is this. I think

that there will be temporary air

turbulence. But you know when you're in

an airplane and there is air turbulence,

doesn't mean you're crashing. It's an

airplane. It's 38,000 ft. There's going

to be clouds. There's going to be wind.

But you will reach your destination.

You're going to be potentially the

greatest king and queen in the history

of this country.

And William will be a great king. Maybe

when he's king, he could take back

France and maybe America. I don't. It's

just only a suggestion,

but they're going to be amazing. And I

would actually say that on the face of

it, the arrival of Harry and Megan looks

really bad for the for the Wales.

But I'm going to say no. I think their

arrival is the best thing that could

have happened because it will show Harry

and Megan up for being the frauds, the

total fakes that they actually are, the

trolls, the ghouls that they are, and

you will look so incredible by

comparison.

Should I strip Harry and Megan of their

titles? Let me know. The comments aren't

just part of the show, they are the

show. Love you so much. Please check out

the benefits of Mark Dolan show

membership. It's the boardroom where

you've got a seat at the table for

exclusive weekly videos which I love

doing. I love doing this as well. Please

let me know everything in the comments.

Please like, subscribe, hit the

notification bell, and I'll see you for

another big one with an amazing star

guest who, let me tell you, has got some

wild royal predictions. Big love. Bye

for now. My husband


