Why are people saying Harry and Meghan
have been given a taste of their own
medicine?
Where has Catherine made a surprise
guest appearance?
What is behind the AI lies being spread
about King Charles online?
And whose departure shocked Invictus? Do
we have a show for you today?
>> [music]
>> Hello and welcome to Palace
Confidential, your trusted source for
royal news. My name is Luke Blackall and
today I have just the one guest, but
what a guest she is. The one and only
Rebecca English, who's the Daily Mail's
royal editor. We have a lot to talk
about today, don't we?
>> I don't even know where to start with
what's been going on this week, Luke,
but we'll find a way.
>> We absolutely will. And before we do, if
you want more great royal news,
analysis, opinions, and montages, too,
then the best thing you can do is
subscribe to the Palace Confidential
YouTube channel. Click that subscribe
button, it's free, it's a bell for some
people, and you'll be notified whenever
we put out a great new video.
Right, let's talk by playing you this
footage of King Charles.
>> [music]
>> Shocking, right? But what if I told you
that clip is fake? Here is the original
footage.
Rebecca, tell us about these videos and
why they've caused such an international
controversy.
>> Well, a video a compilation video
suddenly popped up popped up on
President Trump's
Truth Social site this week showing him
as a magnanimous world leader compared
to others that that weren't so kind and
caring. And much to everyone's surprise,
given his very good relationship with
King Charles, was this this shortened
clip apparently showing the king
not really caring when a man fainted in
front of him when he was visiting a
supermarket warehouse. Now, as we know,
that's an edited version, it's not the
full version.
But, it came as a surprise to a lot of
people, particularly given how
successful the king's state visit to the
US was earlier on this year. And
obviously, President Trump's last two
state visits to the United Kingdom.
>> Can we infer any damage to the so-called
special relationship?
>> Well, you wouldn't be surprised to know
we asked Buckingham Palace and they
they're keeping a very diplomatic
silence on it.
I I think they would be surprised and
shocked, but I think they would probably
feel as you know, we don't want to make
any more of a mountain out of this. You
know, it's quite clear that the footage
is not as it seems and we'll let it lie
at that.
>> Presumably, they'll have to deal with
more of this though. I'm not just people
fainting because I think people faint,
I'm sure they've fainted in front of
Donald Trump in the in the past.
>> I've seen people faint in front of me on
with members of the royal family during
engagement. It does happen, particularly
with the military.
>> Um
but also, they'll have to deal with more
AI doctored footage, won't they?
How do they I mean, again, you say they
they remain silent. Do you think that
will continue to be the case or will do
you think they may have to start putting
corrections out?
>> They absolutely monitor it and it is
something that is very concerning with
them because it's becoming so prevalent,
unfortunately, in the way that
people consume their news. And you know,
even I click on stuff on the internet
sometimes and think, is this is this
real or not? Um I'm one of those classic
moms that goes, is this AI because I
don't really understand it. Um
and it's definitely is a concern and
they do have people that are actively
watching it within the palace press
office. I think they're monitoring it
for the time being, but that they are
definitely aware of it.
>> We'll always try and bring you the real
stuff here on Palace Confidential and
correct those things where we can. But,
sticking with international statecraft
for just a moment, Uganda decided to
stick up for King Charles in unexpected
way you could say.
Rebecca, tell me about this story.
>> Well, we'll probably kind of talk a bit
later about the reasons that led up to
it, but the story was originally picked
up by The Times and has been followed up
by everybody else.
The head of the military in Uganda, a
country which is has just been announced
that will be joining Harry's Invictus
Games for the first time.
He's taken great umbrage at some of the
Sussex's behavior recently and has said
uh
It's a phrase not of my making it, but I
think it will be picked up by people
that he's had enough of the Harry Meghan
nonsense and that they will be standing
up for King Charles and they won't be
taking part in it anymore.
>> Let me just read you that full
statement. This is from General Keina
Rugaba. I hope I've said that correctly.
Apologies to our Ugandan viewers if I
haven't.
He said, "In order not to be construed
as being opposed to His Majesty King
Charles III of United Kingdom, whom we
deeply revere, Uganda hereby withdraws
from the Invictus Games. We shall not
participate in anything that does not
have His Majesty's approval."
Um
As far as we know,
King Charles isn't against the Invictus
Games. He's he's probably very for it,
right?
>> Well, he was at the first event and was
it was very proud to see what Harry had
achieved with it and I have spoken to
some people this week. Obviously, he's
head of the
armed forces in the United Kingdom and
is very supportive of anything that is
done to benefit either serving or or
former military personnel. So, he's not
against it, but the palace have
definitely have made very clear they do
not wish to weigh in on this one and
they will let this one play out in on
social media as it does.
>> Now, there have been further
developments on this story overnight,
but we will come back to those a little
later. We're discussing
more Harry Meghan news a bit later on in
the program, but following the news,
Richard Eden, who viewers should know is
on holiday uh this week, posted this
message on X. He wrote, "This is an
example of why it would be better for
Invictus if Harry stepped down as
patron." Rebecca, what did you make of
that?
>> Well, that has got a a view that's got a
lot of traction online. I think a lot of
people feel the same because if you're
having a figurehead of an organization,
it's because hopefully you want to bring
positive attention and publicity and
funding to that. But, although Harry is
very passionate about Invictus,
everything we've seen in recent years
involving him has been very negative.
And obviously, we've seen him part ways
with African Parks over a lot of
negative publicity. And a lot of people
feel that Invictus should part ways with
him now.
Um that, you know, he he has always been
a very passionate supporter of it, but
the the attention he's bringing to it is
is so negative, it is actually harming a
very good charitable organization.
>> As I said, we'll have more from Harry
and Meghan later, but we wanted to
highlight news from the working royals
now, who've been busy this week with
engagements. Um Rebecca, Prince William
uh is up in Liverpool uh today, isn't
he? And he's he's brought us a special
guest with him.
>> He has. So, um
William today is launching officially in
Liverpool at Everton Football Club, a
really impressive initiative. And he has
harnessed
top-flight sportsmen and women to
support him in this. Um one of the big
things he's been um working on in the
last year is suicide prevention in the
UK. Suicide is actually the biggest
killer of men under the age of 15, more
than any physical ailment such as
cancer. It's really quite shocking
statistics. And he wants to harness the
positive power of sport to encourage
people to have the conversations before
they feel they have no options. So, I've
done a piece online uh announcing this,
but he's actually going to be launching
it in person in Liverpool today. And
just before we started filming, I had
word from Kensington Palace that the
special visitor he's going to bring is
his wife, the Princess of Wales. The
children are safely now at school, so
she's a little bit more free time during
the day, and obviously mental health
issues is something that she's been very
passionate about promoting, and she
feels this is a really significant
conversation she would be
we should be having, and she wants to
lend her support to what her husband's
doing.
>> Extremely good [clears throat] cause. Um
now, perhaps the biggest royal occasion
in the UK this week, um
you just alluded to is an important day
for a future monarch.
And a rather damp one for our Rebecca.
Roll the clip.
>> Today we are on the grounds of Eton
College, and as you can see, it's
raining in typical British fashion.
We've had days of glorious sunshine, the
one day Prince George arrives at Eton,
the heavens open. Just moments ago we
saw Prince George walk through the
quadrangle at Eton College with his
parents, the Prince and Princess of
Wales. He was wearing a uh smart blazer
and tie with chinos and suede shoes.
Like all uh F blockers, nine-year
pupils, he arrived in his own clothes
before changing into Eton's very
familiar traditional uniform. He was
greeted by Headmaster Simon Henderson
and Provost Nicholas Coleridge,
uh who welcomed him to the school and
said he hoped they hoped he enjoyed his
time here. But the conversation was
fairly brief, understandably, because of
the weather, and they encouraged them to
get inside out of the rain, at which
point we could see putting a reassuring
arm on her son's back as any mother
would do on his first day at school in
front of the cameras at such a big
occasion for them. Any first day at
senior school is a big deal for a pupil,
but for Prince George, this is a seismic
step on his road to becoming a future
king. He has to do the walk into school
in front of television cameras, far less
than there were here for his father,
Prince William, when he arrived in 1995.
Understandably, he looked a little
nervous, but with his parents, William
and Catherine, by his side, he undertook
um the engagement in front of him with
an enormous amount of confidence as for
someone who was only 13 years of age. He
walked across the historic quadrangle at
the college, which was built in 1440 as
a feeder school to King's College,
Cambridge, for poor students. Obviously,
Eton has become one of the leading uh
fee-paying public schools in the UK.
They attract an international clientele.
A little wonder uh when its fees are
£65,000
a year. But, in recent years, Eton has
actually attempted to um create a more
diverse uh
atmosphere here. And now, around 20% of
pupils here are on some sort of bursary
or scholarship. One of the things Eton
is best known for is its very
traditional school uniform, which
consists of a black tailcoat or morning
coat, a black waistcoat, striped
trousers, and a white tunic-style shirt
and collar. Now, it may surprise people
that Prince George arrived in his own
clothes today. That's nothing special.
All of the new arrivals, who are known
as F-blockers, which is what year nine
pupils are referred to here at Eton, um
they all wear their own clothes to
arrive, but they swiftly change into
their uniform. And Kensington Palace
took a photograph of Prince George in it
and released it to the national media.
>> Rebecca, some viewers uh might be
wondering why George's first day at
school is such a big deal. Um why did
you feel it was important for you to
make the trip out there to report on it?
>> Not just me, our whole team, actually.
We all got very cold and wet for
[laughter] hours out at Eton, but we did
think it was really important because
look, starting senior school is a is a
really big deal for for any child and
their parents.
Um and for George particularly so,
because
Eton College is going to really form
help form the person he will be as an
adult both as a direct heir to his road
and as king. And William looks back very
fondly on his times at Eaton.
He made lifelong friends there that are
still part of his support network today.
And I think him and Catherine hope that
that's exactly what will happen for
their son, too.
And I just, you know, we we don't see
the children very often. I think we
completely understand that. So, I think
it's really important for us as a
program that brings you the news about
the working royals that we're there
reporting from the scene and bringing
our insight into into what, you know, is
a momentous day in in George's life. And
I think he was such a cool, calm
customer
you know, given the attention on him.
He's really growing into a very fine
young man, I think.
>> Now, it comes some 30 years before the
momentous occasion that, you know, his
father went went up there, too.
You noticed some differences, didn't
you, between between the the day that
William went up and and and George did.
>> I mean, definitely quite a few. The most
obvious one was the the way it was
handled with the media. Obviously, I
knew about this several weeks ago and
there's been a lot of planning that
that's gone into it.
When William arrived, it was basically a
free-for-all. There were kind of 300 of
the world's media there. But like a lot
of things with their children, the
Waleses wanted it a much more carefully
controlled, so we had a very small road
to their capturing it. And I think
people understand that, you know, times
have changed. It's nerve-racking enough
going to school on your first day, let
alone without hundreds of cameras. And
actually, the Waleses are very concerned
that they don't that George's presence
at Eaton doesn't affect the other
children that are going. So, it was as
much about protecting all the other F
blockers, as those first-year children
are known as, as much as their road.
And what we saw was was George walking
across the famous quadrangle at Eaton
College. Whereas when William arrived,
we saw him walking into his house
because obviously it is a boarding
school, signing the visitors book. So it
was a lot more control for that. And
actually fortunately because it was
raining so heavily, we couldn't actually
hear a lot of what was being said apart
from the headmaster saying look, welcome
to Eaton. I hope you have a really
wonderful time here.
>> Um
I wanted to have a look at some of the
comments from under Rebecca's report
because it really was a very popular
show. If you missed it, do check back
after this to have a look. First up we
had Denise who said This is the kind of
uplifting royal coverage I truly enjoy.
Subscribed. Thank you Rebecca for the
interesting Eaton facts and an
informative and quite respectful
coverage of the milestone event. It
doesn't seem so long ago that the young
Prince William was signing the registry.
My, how time flies.
We also had this comment from Becky H
who asked, is George taller than his
father was at 13?
Julianne Rome made a similar observation
and said, he looks taller than his
father when he was the same age. How
tall do you think he'll be? I predict 6
foot 5 inches. Uh Rebecca, he's almost
as tall as his mother now, isn't he?
>> And actually if you if you take into
account Catherine was wearing heels, I
bet if she was barefoot, he would
probably be on par with her now and and
rapidly catching up his dad. But
obviously they're both very tall people.
So I think that you know the genes run
stronger.
>> Uh they certainly do. Now sticking with
your Eaton video for one more question,
we have this very important one from
Stephanie Graybill who asks, are you
holding a Fulton umbrella Rebecca?
>> [laughter]
>> Well spotted. Yeah, I was. I only had
two umbrellas actually to choose from
because of me and umbrellas are a total
disaster. I either leave them everywhere
or or break them. But I've had that
Fulton one for probably 10 years or
more. And they you know they are
slightly more expensive but they are
definitely worth it. You can see why the
royal family love them so much. And
yeah, mine had a little kind of black
trim
uh in the kind of colorway that you know
Queen Elizabeth used to favor having for
her different umbrellas for different
occasions.
>> indeed we should put a link to the
Palace Confidential episode in the
description below, shouldn't we? Because
you discussed all the umbrellas.
>> umbrellas, yeah.
>> I think if you want to know more about
royal umbrellas, we cover everything
here. Check our description below. We'll
put a link there.
>> noticed that as well. They've got a
great eye for detail.
>> It's It's very impressive indeed. And
let us know, would you like us Would you
Would you buy a Palace Confidential
umbrella? Tell us in the comments as
well. Maybe we should get some made up.
I think that
I think they could be good fun.
It has been all hands on deck at Palace
Confidential this week. Not only did we
report from Eton itself, but we marked
the four-year anniversary of Queen
Elizabeth II's death with a special
episode featuring royal biographer and
Mail columnist Robert Hardman, who was
kind enough to sit down and answer your
questions. If you missed that, it will
play straight after this.
Now, after tuning in to that very
touching episode, Tonics said,
"Excellent information and presentation.
I'm not British, yet I miss the Queen
and Philip immensely. The world was
simply better ordered and safe with them
in it." Meanwhile, Vanessa Poskus had
this last-minute question.
She said, "I know it's too late for this
program, but I've always wondered why Do
you think the late Queen did not make
the then Prince Charles regent towards
the end?"
Rebecca, do you have an answer for
Vanessa?
>> Good question. And yeah, Robert Robert's
knowledge of Queen Elizabeth II is
encyclopedic.
In fact, I'd say probably better than
encyclopedic [laughter] cuz he has
>> Cuz he's written the encyclopedia.
>> Yeah, he has so much insight from the
people who were there throughout her
life. It's brilliant. And it's And it's
really actually a really good question,
and it's very simple. As you said before
in this program,
Queen Elizabeth made a vow, however long
or short her life was, to serve her
people. And of course, I I hear from
people
who were very, very close to her that
even though her health was failing in
the last years and and months of her
life,
mentally she was absolutely switched on
and there was she was perfectly in
charge of her brief. I mean, she was
even working in the week she died at
greeting an outgoing Prime Minister and
welcoming
a new one. So, there was actually no
need. She was perfectly able and capable
of doing her job and I think King
Charles, when he was Prince of Wales,
completely understood that and respected
it.
>> Extraordinary extraordinary service
then. Now, speaking of Q&A's, a couple
of weeks ago Rebecca answered questions
from Palace Confidential viewers. That
episode has been viewed nearly 200,000
times so so far. So, a big thank you to
all of those who tuned in and indeed
sent questions. As we have Rebecca only
on today's show, I thought we'd fire a
few more questions her way.
>> Luke.
>> [laughter]
>> Look, the viewers need to know the
answers, Rebecca. So, I'm going to throw
them at you.
We had this one from Jane McCarthy. I'm
puzzled by the question of Rebecca's
wardrobe. What does a poor commoner
>> [laughter]
>> A poor commoner, Rebecca. What does a
poor commoner wear
>> am happily a poor commoner.
>> to wear to follow the royals around? Do
you have in effect a uniform of say a
white shirt and black suit? I'd be
hard-pressed to find something suitable
in my wardrobe. Um
do you?
>> [laughter]
>> Probably actually I don't I don't I
probably the last thing I have is like a
a black suit and a white shirt. Um
there's not a uniform. As long as you're
smart and presentable,
that's fine. I'm sure back in the day
royal correspondents would have to wear
kind of you know, top hats and tails,
but but not anymore. Um and sometimes I
see actually I see kind of comments
criticizing what I wear sometimes. It's
like I I'm a working mom. I don't have a
stylist. I don't have a wardrobe. But
budget, whatever I buy is what you know,
what's left in the kitty at the end of
the month and it's probably as a lot of
women would appreciate, sometimes you're
spending the money you don't have the
kitty in the end of the month on
clothes. Um and then there's a bit of
there's a bit of a running joke between
me and the kind of palace officials
because I'm actually always probably
inappropriately dressed and I always
forget my coat and I'm always in high
heels whatever the weather. So often
when they send out an operational note
and they'll say we're going to be in a
muddy field, I'll then get a subsequent
message on my phone or WhatsApp going
that's directed at you Rebecca. Can you
please find some wellies? And they'll
joke about well find some high-heeled
wellies for you. It'll be fine.
>> We can confirm you did even forget your
coat on Tuesday eating dinner.
>> I did. I got absolutely soaked and I was
in heels.
In in a playing field.
>> But I should also take it who who would
dare criticize your outfit? It's always
so stylish, beyond presentable.
Um and I do quite enjoy the comments
sometimes when I people talk about, you
know, what your stylist has chosen or
the wardrobe you have here. This There's
none of that. Rebecca wears all her own
clothes, chooses it all and always looks
great. Karen Gilly also commented and
said the interview with Rebecca was
really good. She's right, it was.
Does she remember the first formal event
she went to as a royal reporter when the
women wear long dresses? Did she have to
wear a long dress or does she just dress
up? Rebecca, do you remember your first
time as a royal reporter, what you wore
and when it comes to things like like
state banquets, do you have to sort of
match the occasion a bit?
>> Well, as I was saying in the program,
we're like the Cinderellas of the
operation. So we don't actually get
invited to things like state banquets.
In fact, for once there's more pressure
on the men because they only allow
photographers on the whole into
photograph the state banquets. So they
do have to wear black tie, but I'm
normally watching it from behind the
scenes or on a video screen. So actually
I can wear what I'm wearing during the
day. Apart from we went to the White
House for their state dinner
this year and actually we were asked to
all wear black tie, which actually was
It's quite fun to dress up in it, so
>> Absolutely.
>> Uh and I always have something that's
suitable kind of in the back of my back
of my wardrobe to roll out, but like
most of these events, you know, we were
changing in a toilet, so try to put some
lippy on. It's far from glamorous these
things. Um and like my first engagement,
um I think I might have told this story
before. I got invited to a reception, a
media reception, and we were meant to
have your phones on silent, and I
stupidly forgotten to turn mine off, and
my mom kept on ringing it, and I kept on
rejecting it, and then I thought, "Gosh,
this might be like a really big
emergency."
And I rung her, and they were at
greyhound racing. She wanted to know if
I wanted to put a bet on. I was like,
"Do you know where I am, Mom?"
>> [laughter]
>> Uh so, I do remember it, but I don't
remember what I was wearing,
unfortunately.
>> They're from greyhound racing to
palaces. That's your the the Rebecca
English life story.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> [laughter]
>> Right. Harry, he was a subject of last
week's poll, where we asked our viewers,
"Should Prince William keep ignoring
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's
return?" Uh this really got people
exercised in the comments. Um and I know
I say this every week, but this may be
our most conclusive result yet. Just 5%
of you thought that Prince William
should offer the Sussexes uh a so-called
olive branch, while 95% of you thought
the Prince of Wales should keep ignoring
their return. Well, if you want to take
part in next week's poll, all you have
to do is scan the QR code that is on
screen now. Do you see it there? That
black and white square thing?
You got to get your phone out, get the
camera on, and hover it over that black
and white square, and um and then you
click the link that appears. If you put
your email address in that, uh that
should sign you up to our free weekly
email newsletter. It's absolutely packed
full of stuff this week. Um Rebecca's
written some really fascinating stuff,
too. So, it's well worth signing up to.
Right. Back to the discussion now, and
an extraordinary letter released on
behalf of the King this week. Uh
Rebecca, let's just look at the basics
first. What did it say and who wrote it?
>> I'm going to be honest about this. Often
I'll know that things are coming. I had
no idea this was coming. It was my first
day back at work on Monday and I was
pre-writing some stuff about George and
Eaton and then suddenly my phone pinged.
So they said you might want to know
about this. Oh, yes. [laughter]
So
the King has asked his Lord Chamberlain,
who is his most senior official, to
write a letter on his behalf to what
they described as senior stakeholders.
So Lord Lieutenants around the country,
senior government figures, military
officials,
stating the Sussex's position vis-a-vis
the royal family now they have moved
back to the UK.
My understanding is that they were
getting people contacting them and
saying, "Well, look, if they want to do
an event in our area and they ask for
help, what do we do? How do we handle
this?"
So this letter is is pretty unequivocal
and I would say pretty punchy. It
basically makes very clear
that the Sandringham agreement of 2020
is still there. They make very clear
that they are private citizens. If they
choose to undertake commercial or
philanthropic activities, they do so in
a private capacity. They are nothing to
do with the royal family.
They said, "If basically we want no
public funds settled
spent on this. If there's any questions
about the security, those go to the
relevant authorities." As I say, they it
was pretty unequivocal.
And
this has sparked
an extraordinary reaction in the
Sussexes as I'm sure we will get on
>> We will actually get on to. There was
just something I wanted to pick up on
because I think some people will be
interested in this.
We've talked a lot about the outgoing
private secretary, King's private
secretary, Sir Clive Alderton. And we
often talk of him as the the most senior
person there. How does his role differ
from the Lord Chamberlain? How How does
that work there?
>> That's a good question, actually. And
the Lord Chamberlain is a very historic
position, and he is basically head of
the royal household. So, in terms of the
way the royal household operates,
um not just in term of the the head of
state, but also, you know, the garden
party flight, he is the man in charge of
that. What I would describe, I suppose,
the private secretary is the king's
gatekeeper
in terms of uh access to him uh
officially. He's a conduit with the
government, uh also privately with the
family. Um but the Lord Chamberlain is a
very forward-facing official role. And
if anything comes from him,
it is clearly coming from His Majesty.
And the palace have been at pains to
state that this letter has been sent out
at His Majesty's request.
>> That's interesting. And do we think
there would be any involvement in uh
by the Prince of Wales in such in such a
move?
>> I think there's no doubt that Prince
William would have been aware of it, but
this was very much coming from the king
because obviously it's the king that uh
has to set down the parameters of how
the family operates, both officially and
privately.
>> And Richard Kay was writing this week
that that William supported the
the tenor of the of the letter.
>> I would suspect that's that's true.
>> Yeah. Now, let's look at the whys now
before we get into the reaction cuz it
is you know, it's it's it's it feels
sort of unprecedented. We have seen some
of this recently. It does It is quite a
shock.
Was there one thing we could say that
prompted this, or was it a an
accumulation?
>> Well, I don't think that letter would
have been sent out if Harry and Meghan
hadn't made the decision to move back to
the UK. And as as I wrote um
in the paper on Tuesday, had spent the
last few weeks getting their aides and
their friends to constantly brief
favored media about their plans now
they're back, about how they're going to
continue uh to pick up the reins of the
duties and the charities they support
here.
There was even a story in the in the
Sunday Times for example saying Megan is
apparently planning to
do some more charitable work and do some
more public engagements while we're
here. That's not caused this letter. The
letter was you know already um
being
being created
but I think the feeling was very
strongly that look there is people are
confused here about what this is is
going to mean and it is about time we
really nailed this down. If we're going
to move forward both as a you know a
family professionally and as a family
privately.
>> And the timing? What can you tell us
about that? Cuz this is this has caused
lots of lots of speculation and indeed
we understand quite a lot of disquiet in
the Sussex camp. Tell us about the
timing.
>> Well, there's two aspects of the timing.
So
the timing I think probably the easiest
way is to go to start on the Sussex's
reaction.
Because their reaction after the letter
emerged was to say we are surprised that
this has been done and that we didn't
get really get any Well, firstly they
said we didn't get any notice of it.
That is not true. They did. And they
said we didn't get enough notice to make
amendments or clarifications that we
would have liked to have done.
The only way I can describe the reaction
of their office is is pettifogging and
utterly petty. So they then issued
>> What a good word. Pettifogging.
>> Pettifogging. The timing. The exact
timings of this letter that they
received notification that the letter
was going to be sent out and the
contents of it at 1:59 p.m. on Monday.
They replied at 2:19 p.m. to say has
this been sent out because we'd like to
seek some guidance from the Duke and the
Duchess about whether they want to say
anything about this.
Um by the time the the Palace got back
to them, um,
uh the letter had been sent out because
Harry, it turns out, was in an
engagement,
visiting the Tower Bridge Studios. We
know not why, but some pictures
subsequently emerged of it. So, he
couldn't be contacted until 3:09 p.m. By
which time the letter had been sent out
at 3:06 p.m. Um,
so the fact that they were so needled,
they wanted to set out this timing, um,
I really think speaks to the heart of
>> [laughter]
>> of the situation. Now, of course, people
I've spoken to was like, this is the
directive of a head of state, not just a
head of family, a head of state. So, why
should these two private individuals
feel that they should have any bearing
on what he says, particularly from our
point of view, when we are really just
clearly stating an already agreed
position? So, there is, uh, to use that
well-worn phrase, there was a lot of
eyebrow raising at the fact that the
Sussexes believe they should have had a
chance to to change what the King had
written.
>> It certainly seems there was some
eyebrows raised as well at this sense
they'd been blindsided because,
as we've discussed lots on this program
before, there's been a sense within
palace walls that they've been
blindsided on many occasions and not
known about things until very late on.
>> Yeah, I mean, the Buckingham Palace
haven't commented on this, but of
course, people I speak to say, well,
what about Oprah?
What about uh, Spare and all the uh, the
claims made in it? Uh, what about the
Netflix series? What about the many
interviews in which they've taken, you
know, some really nasty pot shots at the
institution as well as individual family
members? Where was the notice that the
palace got on those? None. So, I I
I don't think this was Buckingham
Palace's intention, but I think a lot of
people will think, well, the Sussexes
have got a taste of their own medicine
on something like this. And the timing
is also, going back to your original
question, riled uh
Harry for another reason. And again,
this is really quite an inflammatory
claim from their team.
Because they have asked the question
about the timing of the letter and
whether it was designed to influence a
meeting that they claimed was taking
place on Tuesday by RAVEC, the executive
committee within the Home Office, that
will rule on whether Harry is entitled
to have his police protection
reinstated. So, effectively, the
Sussexes have accused Buckingham Palace
or questioned their motives
in affecting the decision of the
committee that they have
no control over. I mean, that that's a
pretty inflammatory claim. And what I've
been told is it's wrong, very wrong, on
two levels.
One, that the Sussexes were actually
wrong about the timing of the RAVEC
meeting. And also, the reason why it was
put out on Monday is effectively the
start of the new term for the royals.
Engagements are really ramping up this
week and next week. The Sussexes have
made clear they've got a very busy
program of their own engagements. And
that they feel they needed to get the
record straight before this all kicked
off.
>> And when it comes to timing, there there
is this sort of hint that this this
statement has been
rushed out.
And
that's rushing a statement out is not
something we're really used to when we
talk about the palace, is it?
>> Uh the criticism is normally that they
act too slowly. Um yes, I mean, the
sources close to the Sussexes have
briefed out that they feel this letter
was rushed out on Monday. Um which uh
you know, shows a fundamental
misunderstanding of of the way
Buckingham Palace works. Although, I
have to say, it it has something that
has been uh pulled together in the last
couple of weeks, which is, you know,
super super fast broadband by palace
standards. Um but it's, you know, when
they when they say things like this,
they're saying them on behalf of our
head of states. A lot of thinking goes
into it. Unlike the Sussexes, we don't
see knee-jerk emotional reactions
because they know what they say is going
to be part of
the way this country operates, the way
the monarchy operates, and it's going to
be a piece of history. So, they have to
make sure they get it right. And it
reminded me of when
after the Oprah interview, everyone was
clamoring for Buckingham Palace to come
out with a statement about some of the
really inflammatory statements that
Harry and Meghan had made. And it took
Buckingham Palace, if you remember, 3
days to say anything. And that was
really difficult with me as a journalist
cuz my newsdesk were putting a lot of
pressure on me. Well, why aren't they
saying anything? These accusations they
made against everything. And I was
coming up against a fairly brick wall at
the palace saying, "If we've got
anything to say, we'll say it when we're
ready."
And I remember that moment, and it was
absolutely electric in the newsroom.
I suddenly had warning, a statement is
going to come out. And I remember
reading it on my phone, and rushing over
to the newsdesk and saying, "This is
incredible." And bear in mind, it was
only, you know, three or four lines. And
I remember the news editor at the time
going, "Is that it? Is that all they've
got to say?" I was like, "No, this is
masterful. Read that phrase,
'Recollections may vary.' That is going
to be one of the most definitive and
iconic statements we've probably ever
heard Buckingham Palace say." And they
were like, "You sure?" And I was like,
"No, I'm sure about this." And lo and
lo, it's come to pass because they know,
as I say, what they say is going to be a
piece of history, and they choose their
words very, very carefully. And I think
the king's message in this letter was
abundantly clear. When I first heard
about their reaction to it, it did
remind me of a piece I'd written a
couple of years ago
uh about their statement in in 2020 when
Megxit first happened.
And uh they issued a statement in which
they said that they were choosing this
new path for themselves, but they would
continue to collaborate with the Queen.
As in Queen Elizabeth. And I spoke to
quite a few people at the time that were
furious. I mean, incandescent with rage
about this.
Because they said the arrogance of
saying you will continue to collaborate
with our head of state. This is not some
kind of, you know, Hollywood or
commercial link-up. That kind of thing
doesn't happen. And someone actually
said to me, you do not collaborate with
Queen Elizabeth II.
So, I think those people It reminded me
of that, but the suggestion that well,
we could have just like to edit, you
know, King Charles' is letter. You know,
that that just doesn't happen in the
real world.
>> And I think it it it put puts them in an
interesting position because the
it feels like with the Sussexes they
have sort of positioned themselves
sometimes as close to the Queen, say,
close to King Charles, but against the
machinery, the the cogs
that so now have to surround any head of
state, any any member any senior royal
royal figure.
So, this letter, if you say it does
really come with the King's blessing,
kind of puts them at odds with that. So,
they'll they'll be raging against the
timing, but it's hard to separate the
letter from the King, isn't it?
>> It it is. And I I
I said this to someone. I was like,
you know, look,
well done on you for stating it out
because there's a lot of people that
think it should have been done
long before now. But, you know, you are
slightly poking the bear. And you're
like, really? Of course, Harry has long
railed against the so-called men in gray
suits. So, it doesn't take a lot to add
to his pile of resentment against them.
That they're the ones that are
responsible for this. And of course,
inevitably, we have seen briefings to
favored publications already. And them
saying, well, Harry can magnanimously
differentiate between his personal
relationship with his father and what's
being done with this week. And And
believes it's the officials that have
been responsible for this. But as I said
before,
it's been made very, very clear to me
this has been done at His Majesty's
request and with his blessing.
>> It's I'm interested about that the
poking the bear phrase cuz it's
something we've heard you say a lot on
this program that
they don't want to make certain
decisions
perhaps because of fear of just being
seen to try and antagonize. So there are
things like stripping the titles away.
They are private citizens they say
rather than
um royal family working royals.
There is the question of say the line of
succession I know is is a is a is more
complicated one, but something like the
royal website, that's one that comes up
a lot. People say why don't just get rid
of them on the royal website, but they
don't want to do that for fear
of being inflammatory, but obviously
someone decided or the king decided
something did have to be said to set
you know, set the lie of the land. This
is where things are right now.
>> Yes, because of course he got he only
got 3 days notice from his son that he
was about to announce by leaking the
news to to favorite publications that
they were coming back to this country.
Um and you know, the fact I think he's
he's acted within a kind of 2-3 week
time frame of that shows you how
concerned they were about what the
Sussexes had chosen to do and how
this was going to play out moving
forwards. I mean, I think I said on the
program last time I was here, there's a
lot of people have talked about how
happy the king is that they're back. I'm
not saying he's unhappy they're back,
but trust me, the Sussexes were a much
easier problem to deal with when they
were halfway around the world. This has
brought them fairly and squarely back
into the family's, you know, front
garden again. So it felt it was felt
very, very strongly. I think the fact
that he he moved to act shows you how
concerned they were about the confusion
around this. And you know, I think he
has acted, you know, very decisively
regardless of what the personal
consequences are going to be.
>> One of the things we are said we
understand upset them from from
briefings made by the Sussex camp is the
suggestion that Harry and Meghan are
private citizens.
Uh tell us about about this particular
grievance.
>> Yeah, I mean this was extraordinary. So
I I I just got back from Eton on Tuesday
soaking wet and was checking, you know,
my my emails, my inboxes, also the other
news websites to see obviously
what had been happening during the day.
And there was a story on the Telegraph
website um which was clearly briefed out
by the Sussexes' spokespeople. And
buried in that story was the suggestion
that uh the reason why Harry had been so
keen to have an input on the King's
letter was because he really took
umbrage at the suggestion that they were
nothing more than private citizens. That
they would have preferred to been
referred to as public figures. And
moreover, they would have liked the King
to have recognized they were still
members of the royal family. And I
thought this got to the nub of
everything. And to me emphasizes the
point why this half-in, half-out model
of of being a working royal that the
Sussexes had wanted would never have
worked because they wanted as they see
themselves as public figures, not
private individuals. And moreover,
public figures who want their
credentials as royals burnished in the
public eye.
>> By the King.
>> By the King, exactly. And that's why
Queen Elizabeth, but also backed by by
King Charles and and Prince William,
said, "Look, this is this is just not
going to work."
Um you know, you can't live a life of
public service
but also make money off the back of it.
That's It's just not what monarchy is
about. I think there's one thing that's
worth noting actually. I was speaking to
a few people this week, and my
understanding is part of Palace thinking
about putting this letter out is they
believe it could actually make it easier
for the King to meet with Harry
privately and to look at trying to
repair their relationship and have a
relationship with the grandchildren he's
he's barely known for the last few years
because they've now got the semantics of
the official role out the way. I'm not
sure that's not a little naive because
we've seen the reaction of the Sussexes
to what's happened this week, but I
understand that is part of their
thinking. Let's just get the official
stuff out the way, then we can see where
things take us.
>> And I think you just an important point
to pick up because I think it's actually
fascinating.
It's a reminder that the King really has
to be the King first. So, we saw this
when Harry was undertaking his legal
action particularly over security
against the Home Office.
The King is the font of justice, but
he's the King, and so he can't be
getting involved in those things. He has
to sort of sort that out before he can
deal with his family. It's It's It's a
difficult thing I think a lot of you
will get their heads around.
>> Yeah, and and it's the same problem that
Queen Elizabeth faced particularly with
Harry, but also particularly when it
came to Prince Andrew. The then Prince
Andrew Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor as he
now is that that it
there was a strain there between being a
head of state and being the monarch and
and being being a mother.
Um you know, but I think there will be a
lot of people that are quite relieved
that this has been done now. Um I will
just have to see where it takes us.
>> Now, those who who haven't followed this
story as closely as others, I think
might be forgiven for thinking, "Hang
on,
wasn't it Harry and Meghan who wanted
more privacy?"
Uh they wanted to move away from the
glare of being a royal, being that sort
of public figure. Indeed, there were
talks originally they might move to
uh a remote part of Africa where they
could be, you know, live a live a
quieter life.
What's behind this sudden desire to be
seen as
as public figures? It it it I think a
lot of people struggle to make sense of
this.
>> But I'm not sure it is a sudden desire.
I think it's what they've wanted all
along. But, you know, it it harks me
See, it harks back to the kind of Do you
remember the times, you know, 4 years
ago where South Park was bringing out
their skits on worldwide privacy tours,
you know, "Please don't look at us.
We're private individuals." But, I think
that is
is
where they really have lost their way
because, you know, they are saying we
want to be private, but everything about
their lives is designed to live it in a
very forward-facing way, which is why,
as I say, the royal family said, "Look,
you've just Sorry, but you've got to
take us out the equation on this." And I
think people will think it it's very
hypocritical. I was certainly surprised
when I saw,
you know, the briefing about this,
[clears throat] and which is why I did a
bigger story on it in the Mail because I
think it it did get to the nub of of
what we've been seeing over recent
years.
>> We'll put a link to that story in the
description below along with all um
Rebecca's other great articles this
week. But, um
I just wanted to ask you on this topic,
do you think we'll see a change with how
the Sussexes do things, how they they go
about things now given this new line in
the sand has been drawn? Do you think
they'll will they'll try and
work around it? Do you think they'll
take notice of it in in in any sort of
way?
>> I I think it's unlikely, but, you know,
it's I'm not I'm not in their head, so
it's difficult to to know their
thinking. I think what we've seen that's
interesting the last few days is their
initial reaction was quite I'd say quite
measured. We're surprised. And I
thought, "Okay, well, if they stick to
that and handle this magnanimously, then
actually this this might work out."
But, I mean, how naive was that, you
know, within within, you know, hours we
were seeing the briefings coming out of
them to, yeah, all their usual favorite
publications, you know, making
constantly, you know, attacking, you
know, the palace for doing this and um
you know, needling them. So, you know, I
I I unfortunately again, I think we
we've seen the kind of familiar Sussex
playbook uh happen and even um last
night um over the the story about Uganda
and uh pulling out of the Invictus
Games, um
we saw yet another briefing um this time
to ITV News in which uh
clearly their spokesman, who was
referred to as a source, saying that
whether it was a direct or indirect
result of Buckingham Palace's decision
to put out this uh hasty and kind of
ill-thought-out letter,
um the result was it was having a direct
effect on on veterans. Um and that is
an inflammatory statement. Um and that's
that's an understatement because they're
effectively accusing our head of state
and our head of the armed forces of of
trying to score petty personal points
against his son or allow him to be used
to be doing that at the the expense of
our armed forces. And I think that will
go down very badly with Buckingham
Palace.
>> Just extraordinary.
Now,
do you hear that?
That sound heralds the time where we
name the unsung heroes in and around the
royal family. Um
we're bringing this up now because this
nomination does have something to do
with what we've just been discussing,
doesn't it?
>> Yeah, I think it was quite a timely um
point to to to raise the issue of Lord
Lieutenants because of course they are
the people that this letter has been
sent to this week and you know, some of
our viewers, particularly those not in
the UK, might think who are these
people? Why would the king want to send
them a letter? Well, there are 98 of
them up and down the country and they
are the king's or the monarch's official
representative in various counties and
areas of the United Kingdom. It's a
really historic role. It was created in
in Tudor times and they were people who
would actually then
help pull pull together members of the
military if a
if a particular monarch wanted to fight
a war. So they were responsible for
recruiting
soldiers, but that's developed now into
a much more ceremonial role. Although
who knows when it goes with the
Sussexes, it might become war again.
But they are there. So if the the member
of the royal family is going to a
particular county, they will be
responsible for helping organizing that
meeting. They're also the conduit if
people want to nominate uh
really worthy members of their community
to go to garden parties or receptions or
even others in the in the biannual
honors that we we have announced in this
country. So they're an absolute cog in
the wheel of
of the way the royal family operates.
And they do it, I should add, for no
money. They do it voluntarily because
they believe in in the good works that
the monarchy can do up and down the
length and breadth of the country. So we
often see them sometimes in you know
spectacular uniforms and with swords,
but we might not appreciate exactly how
important they are to the operation. So
I think it's time that they were given a
a pat on the back. Admittedly maybe
under a spotlight they would have
preferred not to have.
>> A very worthy nomination. Now, it was a
sad occasion that brought together one
of the biggest royal gatherings we've
seen recently. The day before we
recorded this program, members of royal
families from across the world were
united for the funeral of King Harald of
Norway.
Our own royal family was represented at
Oslo Cathedral by both Prince William
and Princess Anne. William was
representing the King, while Anne was
there in her capacity as godmother to
the new King Haakon.
As well as the Norwegian royals, which
included a couple of controversial
figures, you'll have to watch um Richard
Eden's latest episode of Eden's Royals
for more on them. Um Other royals we
also spotted there were King Felipe of
Spain and his wife Queen Letizia, uh who
you'll see on screen now. Also, we
spotted Prince Albert and Princess
Charlene of Monaco there.
Other European royal families
represented including Denmark. Here's
King Frederik, Queen Mary, and Crown
Prince Christian. Uh this was King
Felipe and Queen Mathilde from Belgium.
Then we had Queen Máxima, King
Willem-Alexander, and Princess
Catharina-Amalia of the Netherlands. And
Sweden was represented by Princess
Sofia, Princess Victoria, Prince Carl
Philip, uh Queen Silvia, and King Carl
Gustaf. So it's a full house. Uh and he
was at the front of that procession. I
think it's worth noting that it was led
by the most senior I suppose I'd say
senior, but longest serving
>> Yeah.
>> uh monarchs. They were further towards
the front uh near the the rest of the
Norwegian royals, and then it went back
in order of how long uh they had been on
the throne. Behind that, we then had
royal representatives, which is why
William and Anne were a little further
back, and behind them other heads of
state. Uh
Rebecca, lots of people asking online
why the king wasn't there. What can you
tell us about that?
>> It is just a larger convention we have
with our royal family that the head of
state, that the monarch doesn't attend
funerals, and they always tend to send
um their their heir in their place, uh
particularly if it's a very senior
member of a royal family that's that's
passed. So that's why William was there,
and obviously Anne was there in a
personal capacity. Uh and I asked um
Kensington Palace why William wasn't in
uniform, and they told me that they were
advised that was because you should only
wear military uniform if you have been
awarded the Order of Olaf, which he
hasn't yet. Although it was pointed out
online that some
as the as the Australian Crown Princes
were wearing uniform, but but I asked
Kensington Palace again and they just
said to me, "Look, that's that's the
advice we were given." And there's
actually a lot of other Crown Princes
that weren't wearing their military
uniform as well.
>> And there's probably internal
um
we could say precedents and whatever in
everyone's royal household of what they
do. Um is there
is there a superstitious element to the
reason our royals don't go to
funerals?
>> Well, I I certainly know with Queen
Elizabeth it it was more that she was
just aware that wherever she went there
was a bit of a fuss as well and actually
the focus should be on the person that
um had passed, not her. But it's it's
just a convention they have. I think,
you know, the true origins of it is
slightly lost in the mists of time.
But it's just the way we do it.
>> Yeah, yeah, but also it does it's it's
true for domestic funerals really as
well. And part of that is perhaps cuz
the king or queen knows so many people
they would be going to an awful lot of
funerals and be unable to do the the
affairs of state.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And they will always
send a message of message of condolence
and they will either send a member of
the royal family or a senior member of
their household.
>> Or in some cases a lord or lady
lieutenant.
>> Exactly. They're often there
representing the monarch.
>> There we go. Now, I want to get back to
this funeral again cuz there are a
couple of others there too from royal
houses no longer with a role in their
countries like Greece and Bulgaria. From
further afield we saw Queen Rania of
Jordan and perhaps the royals who had
traveled the furthest were Crown Prince
Akishino and Princess Kiko who had come
all the way from Japan.
A turnout you could say that was
testament to the impact and influence of
King Harald who had been on the throne
since 1991.
Rest in peace.
Harald was of course second cousin of
our late Queen Elizabeth II and this
week marked sad occasion, the fourth
anniversary of her death.
Earlier this week, we put out a special
video where Robert Hardman, a man who
has written many books about the late
Queen, as we mentioned earlier,
he answered your questions about her.
Now, at the end of that video, we put
out the first part of a two-part montage
dedicated to the late Queen. If you
missed part one, you can go back and
watch that after this. Here is part two,
and there are some extraordinary
pictures here.
>> [music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
>> Now, a reminder. If you missed part one
of that fantastic montage, you need to
watch Robert Hardman's question and
answer session on the late Queen. You
can click here for that. It's a good
one. Just time to say a big thank you to
Rebecca for being here and answering uh
all my questions and your questions. And
a big thank you to you for watching.
We'll see you next week. Goodbye.