Is Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's
decision to move back to the UK perhaps
one of the stupidest things they have
ever done because it revealed them for
who they truly are. Yes, their kids may
be going to UK schools now. Yes, maybe
their titles are a little bit more
secure.
But everything else in their life has
been wildly, massively disrupted because
by being in California, the royal family
could largely ignore the antics of Harry
and Meghan even if they were using the
royal titles inappropriately, there's
not much they can do from across the
world. But by coming back to the
backyard of the royal family, by trying
to it seemed like even within their
first weeks of being back in the
country, trying to make inroads into
various government agencies and military
officials and charities, it forced the
king to act and tell the two of them no.
You are not working royals, you're not
getting your half in half out plan, and
you are merely private citizens with
charity and commercial interests. And
that cannot be a bigger slap in the face
to Harry and Meghan, nor could it be the
biggest danger to their future financial
revenue streams because Harry and Meghan
are definitely, have always been
utilizing their royal connections to
make money. And if people think, much
like Uganda, that getting close to Harry
and Meghan will get you nowhere except
for closer with Harry and Meghan,
I can see a lot of people jumping ship.
I think Uganda might be the first of
perhaps many dominoes to fall in a
variety of different spheres. So guys,
we are going to get into all of this
latest today including Harry's blame
game cuz yes, he is blaming his father
for the collapse of the relationship
with Uganda and Invictus. But again, we
are going to get into all this, but if
you have not been to Royal News Network
before, this is the awesomest channel
for royal commentary. So if you would
like to hit that subscribe button, we
would be absolutely pleasured and amazed
to have you back. So feel free to go
ahead and do so, click that notification
bell, and let's hear from today's
sponsor, Laundry Sauce, which helps make
this channel and all that we do here so
possible. Laundry Sauce, which offers
absolute premium laundry detergent,
fabric softener, dryer sheets, even
sprays to help spruce up your clothes
and make them smell especially good. I
am obsessed with my Laundry Sauce pods
because they smell incredible. They are
so amazingly good, and it's so exciting
to do my laundry and look at this and
go, "Oh my gosh, this is so amazing.
They smell so unique." Because you do
have your detergent, your fabric
softener, you can get them from the
store, but sometimes like the scents
don't match, and the scent is just
generic. It's It's not like super
exciting, whereas with Laundry Sauce,
you get these very much premium scents.
The first we have is Italian Bergamot.
It is modern, bright, and citrusy, and
you really feel that. So, if you can't
afford a trip to Italy this year, I
think Italian Bergamot will it would
give you a bit of that scent that you
would have when you were there in the
Italian countryside. There's also
Indonesian patchouli, which has very
much a linen, very very fresh scent.
It's soothing, exotic, and beachy. And
then we also have Egyptian rose, which
is seductive, floral, and spicy. It's
got kind of a deeper, a bit of a darker
scent. And so, we will use this one,
guys, to refresh and Miss Pippa's
blanket. She has a lot of blankets that
she loves, and we need to keep them
fresh all the time. So, guys, I am
absolutely again loving my Laundry
Sauce, and I am enjoying using it all
the time. So, guys, for a limited time
only, our listeners get 20% off their
entire order when you choose code RNN at
laundrysauce.com.
That's 20% off your order at
laundrysauce.com
with promo code RNN. All All thank you
so much, Laundry Sauce, for sponsoring
today's video. I'm sure Miss Pippa is
enjoying her nicely spruced up and fresh
blanky as we speak. Thank you so much
laundry sauce for sponsoring today's
video. We really truly do appreciate our
sponsors and how they help us grow and
thrive here at Royal News Network. But
let's go ahead and get into this video.
And as a reminder,
Charles' letter, the letter he sent out
basically saying that Harry and Meghan
are not working royals, that their his
or her royal highness titles are in
abeyance, that they don't represent the
crown, that they are private citizens
with charity and commercial endeavors.
None of that is a surprise. None of that
is new information. None of that at all
should technically change how anyone
interacts with Harry and Meghan. And
that should be the case if Harry and
Meghan had did the smart thing, which
was establish their credentials without
using any other royal titles and
influence. Yes, they cannot help that
they are related to the now king of
England. And again, there's a lot of
royals who are in the private sector who
can't help who they were born to. Just
like none of us can. But
what Harry and Meghan did, which was so
incredibly stupid for the last six
years, is basically shove their royal
titles down everybody's throats,
leverage their royal titles for money
and connections. And so with the letter,
what Charles did, intentionally or
unintentionally, even to use Harry and
Meghan's words, were to expose
that Harry and Meghan, I think, behind
the scenes have been wildly leveraging
their titles for money. And so to remove
and basically say again that Harry and
Meghan have nothing to do with the
crown, nothing to do with the royal
family, what they did to Harry and
Meghan is basically put any
relationships they had into panic mode.
Because the people they've signed up
with, the people they've aligned with,
don't know where Harry and Meghan stand
now, Or were promised something that
wasn't really true, and now have to
rethink every aspect of their
relationship with the couple. And that
is not a Charles problem, that is not a
royal problem. That is a Harry and
Meghan created problem. Every bit of
this is Harry and Meghan. Yes, Charles
and I think the royals contributed to it
by not being clearer in the boundaries
that Harry and Meghan should live by.
And that goes back to to a certain
extent Queen Elizabeth, Charles of
course as well. But the boundaries that
Harry and Meghan should abide by,
they've been able to push for far too
long. And so they've over-leveraged
their royal status to such an extent
that by Charles dismissing their royal
status, all of a sudden their future
looks very, very, very uncertain. And
that again is not a Charles problem.
That is not a William problem, that is
not a crown problem, that is a Harry and
Meghan problem.
But as ever, Harry and Meghan need to
blame somebody else because it can't
ever be their fault. It needs to be
somebody else's fault. And the crazy
thing is, by Uganda pulling out of the
Invictus Games, it's truly like the
emperor has no clothes.
What Uganda is saying is that to a
certain extent they signed up to the
Invictus Games because of Harry's
connections to the crown and under the,
let's say, implicit or explicit idea
that somehow the crown was connected to
the Invictus Games.
And by the royals saying, "Yeah,
actually no, it's not." Then all of a
sudden Uganda has no interest. And I
can't help but imagine, guys, how many
other organizations might have no
interest in Harry and Meghan if they're
not connected to the royals. So let's
look at Harry and Meghan's rather
furious response to all of this when the
letter dropped, when Uganda pulled out
yesterday. I didn't get to cover this
because
I had filmed my Uganda video much
earlier in the day and then I had things
to do later, so I didn't go back. But,
here's what the Sussexes or close a
source close to the Sussexes, so
basically somebody from Harry and
Meghan's team told The Telegraph on
Wednesday evening that they believed the
letter was to blame for Uganda
leaving the games.
They said, "Intended or unintended, this
is clearly a consequence of Lord
Chamberlain's guidance regarding the
Duke and Duchess of Sussex that was
rushed out without consultation on
Monday."
Sadly, the only people who will suffer
are the Invictus Games competitors. Yes,
because Harry's an idiot.
That that is why. It has nothing to do
with Charles. Harry's just not a smart
person and neither is anyone apparently
connected with the Invictus Games.
Neither is Harry and Meghan's PR team
because the royal family doesn't have to
consult you. Doesn't have to consult you
on anything. They make the rules.
Charles is the boss. That's how bosses
operate. They dictate the rules to you.
You don't dictate the rules to them.
But, Harry and Meghan have very much
tried to act in that way.
And by them acknowledging that the
letter unintentionally or intentionally
disrupted this relationship with Uganda
is also proving that Harry himself,
again, might have been misleading Uganda
about the state of his relationship with
the royal family or
Uganda itself had this perception. This
is the thing. By Harry and Meghan using
their titles and leveraging them to such
an extent, they're leaving people with
the perception
that they are closer to the crown than
they are.
And this perception, and I I've called
this out a lot that some people, again,
who are not really well engaged in this
realm, just have this perceived notion
of who Harry and Meghan are because of
the their titles. Oh, they must be close
to Charles. They have titles. They're
not keeping up with the tittle-tattle in
People magazine, The Telegraph, The
Times. They're not keeping track of
that, but they just see Duke and think
that means something.
And what Charles is proving there is
that you can be a duke and have it mean
nothing. That it doesn't mean you have a
close relationship with anyone,
especially someone who is part of the
royal family. That is not what it means.
You may have, yes, a duke or duchess
title, but that doesn't extend beyond
that. It doesn't prove a relationship.
It doesn't prove a dynamic. I mean, we
all know Harry is related to the royal
family, and this is why I think people
give Harry and Meghan the time of day.
Why Colombia did, Nigeria did, Jordan
did, the WHO did, Australia. They give
Harry and Meghan the time of day because
they have this perception that Harry and
Meghan are somehow closer to the crown
than than they are.
And by eliminating that perception and
writing it out in black and white and
saying, "No, no, this is your
perception. The reality is actually
quite different."
It actually throws everything Harry and
Meghan planned for this UK return into
absolute turmoil and chaos. And the
crazy thing is, they're the ones who
decided to do this. They're the ones who
also decided to do this last minute.
They could have had a long negotiating
period of what their return would look
like to the UK, but instead, they dumped
it on people a couple weeks before, and
then they rushed back in as if
everything was okay, and then they can
just go about their business. Because
the reality is, if Harry and Meghan had
stayed in California, the royal family
would largely stay out of their
business. This is how it's operated
basically the entire time. That they
basically just ignore Harry and Meghan.
And I understand why. And again, I
understand also why, yes, some people
are saying Catherine William just need
to ignore for and Meghan. And there's a
truth there, but there's also going to
be a point where they are forced to
interact or look cruel by not inviting
them to certain things, particularly I'm
thinking the Christmas Carol's concert.
So, that will have to be a line that
Catherine and William walk, but the
strategy of ignoring Harry and Meghan is
is broadly perfectly fine. In fact, it's
what they should do. It's worked.
You got to give it to them. It's it's
worked most of the time.
And Harry and Meghan also greatly
benefited from that status.
And they were just I think too stupid to
realize that. So, they're over there in
Montecito thinking, "Well, the royal
family, they're not saying anything. So,
let's just keep doing what we're doing.
Nobody cares. Oh, we can go back to the
UK and just act like everything's fine.
And it's just all going to be
hunky-dory. We're going to be great.
Everybody's going to be in like
enthralled that we're back. It's going
to be awesome."
And then they basically are wildly
humiliated within a couple of weeks of
being here. And I mean, honestly, you
can see some people
who we might run into Harry and Meghan
and look at them and go, "Private
citizen walking into the room."
I mean, they're even opening up their
children to mockery by other children
going, "Oh, did you see your grandfather
had to write this letter telling your
parents that your titles are in abeyance
basically or technically they're HRH.
So, why do I need to call you a prince
and princess? Like, you're nothing to
me." Like, they open themselves up to
this.
And the reason this had to be addressed
is because Harry and Meghan came back.
Once you're back on home soil, you can't
just act with impunity anymore.
You can be ignored in California. You
can't be ignored in the UK because
that's where the monarchy's seat of
power is.
Harry and Meghan made it clear they were
going to attempt to establish a rival
royal court. They were courting
charities. They were courting military
officials. They were courting government
officials. And we know this because this
letter had to be sent to military and
government officials. And I think
probably other charities and various
enterprises that were approached by
Harry and Meghan who were looking to
reestablish their royal credentials,
basically.
And these organizations like, "Okay, so
Harry and Meghan are here.
We don't want to be rude to them, but at
the same time we know that they're not
that close to the royal family and we
have to protect ourselves and our
business interests and we can't risk
like getting too chummy with them
without having like big repercussions.
Like we we have to figure out where the
line is here."
And so, we need to reach out to the
British monarchy. And the British
monarchy is getting all these requests
going, "What do we do with these two? We
we have no idea what to do with them."
And Charles had to go, "Okay." He didn't
really want to do this cuz again, he
wants Harry and Meghan back.
But he also can't risk
further destabilizing the monarchy cuz
you do have Andrew, you do have Sarah,
you do have Harry and Meghan all
working in different ways
due to past circumstances or current
circumstances that are undermining the
foundation of the monarchy. So, the
ignoring can't work anymore. Harry and
Meghan have brought the fight to the
royal family's doorstep and they had to
act. They had to make a decisive
decision. And their decision was,
"Yeah, we we need to let everybody know,
'Hey, you're not royal anymore.'" And
to reiterate, this should not have been
a problem for Harry and Meghan because
if they had established their
credentials, let's say, as producers
and their productions were done not
because they have royal titles in play,
but just because they're decent
producers,
well, then the the notice means nothing.
It's just a regurgitation of what
everybody knows and everybody can go,
you know, sigh and go, "Yeah, yeah." And
and move on.
But Harry and Meghan, because of how
they done things, demanded that it be
addressed and now they're looking at a
much more uncertain future. Because the
reason Harry and Meghan ran back to the
UK is not because they're successful in
Hollywood, it is because they are not
successful in Hollywood. Harry and
Meghan I think are struggling, the
financial deals are struggling. Yes,
they have a decent amount of money I
think to keep up their lifestyle for
now, but I think the bank accounts are
definitely starting to dwindle a bit.
They don't have Netflix to rely on. Yes,
technically they have a first look deal,
but Netflix passed on their first
offering, which was Cookie Queens. It
was even purchased by somebody else. It
went to the theater and then eventually
was distributed and purchased by
Paramount, a competitor to Netflix, a
much weaker competitor to Netflix
because Netflix was like, "No, even
though it's a documentary, we could
probably pay pennies for it. It's just
not even worth putting on our platform,
even if we have a first look deal with
you.
It's not going to perform well cuz it
didn't perform well in the box office,
so here you go."
And that is a sign of things to come.
Every other production is stuck in
development hell. As Ever is I think a
sinking ship. I think it has a glut of
inventory it can't get rid of and we
constantly see these attempts to mass
market As Ever without a consistent
business strategy. I just see endless
ads for As Ever on Instagram at this
point. I'm starting to see them on
websites as well.
And while you may think that that is
actually a good strategy, it's it's
really not because you don't want to
just dump marketing. You want it to be
strategic and the best way Meghan can
sell her brand is not by squatting in
her own garden looking like she's taking
a dump, but actually explaining to you
how to use her products in unique and
interesting ways, which she seems
incapable of doing because I don't think
she actually cares about her products
that much.
And because of that, she can't
fundamentally sell them because she
doesn't use them. So, she is not trying
to figure out ways to be more creative
in the process. I mean, I think her
family is going to be eating
expired jam until they all get so sick
that they need to go to the hospital or
something. Like, they are guzzling, I'm
sure, that jam trying to get rid of it.
She's actually even advertising it as
jam, and I should be specific. It's all
spread, not jam. But, she actually in an
ad said jam. And I'm like, but you don't
sell jam, honey. You sell spread. Those
are different. Jams, jellies, and
spreads are actually all categorized
differently. Their their their different
properties are utilized to actually
create them. So, they are actually
considered three distinct things. So, as
ever, not doing particularly well, Harry
has no business prospects.
He may still get money from BetterUp. He
gets some money from speaking deals, but
that seems to be about it. He probably
gets some residuals from his book. And
those might be a fair amount. I think
the most he made was probably from his
book, to be honest.
But, at this point, like, the guy has no
job.
And he is pathetically wanting to
re-embrace the job that he was not
offered. So, it's like he was offered
the job
rejected it, and then goes into the
office as if he accepted it.
He is trying to mimic
being a royal. And that's the thing.
That's what the royals can't abide by is
Harry going back to the UK thinking he
can just pick up where he left off. And
they have to go, "No, you can't. You
left. We all agreed that you left. And
we agreed that because you left, you
can't do X, Y, and Z thing."
But, Harry just can't abide by that
because he has nothing else.
And that's, of course, the scary thing
to the royals is that Harry and Meghan
do have nothing else going for them. So,
they're going to have to go back to this
royal thing because that's all they got.
But, Charles had to sort of step in and
go,
"All right, you two.
Yes, technically, technically,
technically,
you are part of this family in a
personal capacity, but we have to make
sure from a professional one that you
can't claim a status you don't have."
And that as a result has disrupted
everything Harry and Meghan were going
to do. And so, as Harry and Meghan's
Hollywood dreams and prospects are
really just
dead on the floor, I think they thought
that they could come back to the UK kind
of like in a power up in a video game,
power up their royal status again. And I
think in particular Meghan was thinking,
"Oh, I can just go back to Hollywood and
and try to rejuvenate our careers with
this royal sparkle." And what's funny
now is that I think they would be even
more laughed out of the room.
Like that the royal family had to even
go and specify that you're not really a
part of them anymore. I mean,
>> [gasps]
>> that that's so lame. And I think a lot
of organizations are like, "Yeah, that's
really lame. We we don't really want to
be part of this Harry and Meghan freak
show. Like, we're done." And there's
nothing of greater threat to Harry and
Meghan than that.
They really thought, for all intents and
purposes, that they could just come back
and pick up where they they left off.
And the royal family has gone, "No, that
is not an option for you.
You can't just pick up where you left
off. You are done.
And we are going to be
moving on without you, and we have moved
on without you."
And I think Harry in his mind just
thinks the royal family didn't. That of
course they just want him back because
he's so wonderful, super powerful, and
amazing, and all the things.
But the truth is he's not. The truth is
Meghan's not.
They have been revealed to be the
emperors without any clothes.
And they self-exposed
their own royal grift. That's the
hilarious thing. They They exposed
themselves.
Nobody forced them to do this. They are
the ones who decided to go back to the
UK and act as if nothing had ever
changed. Their status is still the same
as it was back in 2020 when the queen
was still alive. They are still
technically working royals. Yada yada
yada.
And the royal family was the one who had
to go, "No."
And I mean, they should be so incredibly
embarrassed by this whole fiasco.
And it's dimmed any prospects that
they've had in the UK. We already had
information that Richard Branson
pulled out of an event where Prince
Harry was going to attend. Now, granted,
Richard Branson could have already been
planning to pull out. There's been news
about how there has been an inquest into
his wife's death and that her death
could have been preventable. So, maybe
he's emotionally processing that. So,
I'm not saying this is exactly the
reason why.
But, Harry and Meghan should not be
surprised either that this letter, not
only does Uganda pull out, but a lot of
people start keeping their distance.
Because Harry and Meghan are a wildly
toxic brand.
I mean, there's a poll that came out
today by YouGov saying that just 16%
want them to be working royals. 51% say
no and some 30-odd percent don't know.
And now, Harry and Meghan can pull those
don't knows into their yes column.
But, I think over time has shown that's
going to increase more in the no column.
Harry and Meghan are not worthwhile to
invest in
as not only working royals, but really
as professionals.
Because they haven't done the one thing
that they needed to do, which is make a
life separate from royalty.
Harry and Meghan haven't done that.
They've used their royal status
constantly. Every credit has to say
Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex.
Like, she attempted one time to move
herself into Meghan Sussex realm, but
she didn't stick to it. Honestly, I'm
still not entirely sure that that's even
how technically that should work because
to a certain extent only the royals
actually hold blood royals hold certain
last names and royal titles. Married ins
don't. So when William and Catherine
sued the Closer newspaper over the
topless pictures back in 2012, the names
on the lawsuit were Prince William and
Catherine Middleton because
blood royal titles and names only go
through the actual bloodline of the
royals. As a married in you you actually
technically don't qualify. So that's
just something to keep in mind. I'm
still again not sure Megan used Megan's
Sussex correctly but she should have
stuck with that and it shouldn't have
been this weird thing that she did on
Drew Barrymore one time. It should have
been a consistent strategy. But Harry
and Meghan are just constantly trying to
find something that fits and nothing is
fitting and they thought that coming
back to the UK would fix all their
problems and make things better and it's
only made things a thousand times worse.
And it really has exposed them for the
grifters that they are. I imagine
they're at home in the Cotswolds a bit
panicking as people aren't returning
their calls anymore as they aren't
getting any headway in any of their
relationships with any organizations and
people are saying, "Well, you're not
really royal and you're not offering me
really anything else but your royal
title
and that's just a bit of a joke."
And so Harry and Meghan are sitting
there wondering maybe they made the
biggest mistake of their lives by moving
back to the UK and I would argue they
probably did because the two of them
just cannot seem to think something
through to save their lives. It's all so
reactionary, so predictable and so
incredibly pathetic. But guys, those are
my thoughts. Let me know yours down
below. Thank you so much for watching
and I shall speak to you again very
soon. Bye.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Mhm.