Prince William's Sussex strategy laid
bare
>> and Prince Harry is rumored to be making
the ultimate villain move. [music]
>> Hi all, welcome to Heirs and Spears, the
show that dives into the fascinating
[music] world of two of the most
recognized royal couples. I'm Kenzie
Scoffield and I'll be bringing you
updates on Prince Harry and Meghan
Markle. Hi, I'm Robert Bell from a
slightly soulless hotel room in Cardiff.
Cardiff is not soulless. I can assure
you that. But I'll be bringing you all
the latest news on the Prince and
Princess of Wales.
>> This is just a suggestion, but perhaps
at the end we could do a montage of
Rupert's introductions. [laughter]
>> Okay. Well, I didn't swear those.
>> You did it. You were You were good. A
nice little blooper. I think we could do
a nice little blooper reel at the end. I
would enjoy that. All right, Rupert, we
have some breaking news happening right
before this the show started. Harry and
Megan are not working royals after UK
return, says King. This is coming from
our friend Matt Wilkinson at the Sun.
Um, this is a strongly worded letter,
says the Sun. It's well known that in
January 2020, the Duke and Duchess
stepped down from undertaking
representative duties on behalf of the
sovereign and are no longer working
members of the royal family. This
position distinct from the state and
royal duties undertaken by the working
royal family and with the personal
latitude it brings the couple in respect
of financial independence and protection
of their privacy as they would wish will
continue to be fully respected. It
follows that there is no change to the
current status of the Duke and Duchess
of Sussex. It also says that their HR
titles will remain unused, will not be
used. And it says, "Charitable work of
the Duke and Duchess is a personal
matter for them both and undertaken in
their private capacity. In short, their
position is akin to private citizens
with commercial and charitable
interests." Um, why why don't you
respond to that and then we can go into
some of what else the article says?
>> Well, I I'm not at all surprised. But I
think it it really is uh just a
reestablishment
of the the Sandingham arrangement that
there's no such thing as half in half
out that this is the way they operate.
And it's now that they've returned it's
just letting everybody know that they
are no longer working royals and they
should not be seen as working royals.
just establishing the ground rules
because I think we talked about it this
vague, you know, they want to be seen to
be doing their stuff and actually it's
not royal is what this is basically
saying. Yes, get on and do your
charitable work. Get on and do whatever
you want to do, but let's just remind
everybody, you are not working royals.
It's going to be still a difficult one
to police because when they're out and
about, there's still going to be a
degree of fascination, but I think it's
just the king once again saying, "Right,
we're in control of this." And just
making sure that Harry and or his wife
and other people around the Sussexes
know the ground rules. You are not
working royals. It it's just a a very
clear statement as to saying this is
what happened when we had the
Sandringham arrangement. Didn't need to
mention it while you were out of the
country, but now that you've returned
here, let's just make sure you know that
you are not working royals. And don't
try and pretend you are.
>> Is it enough knowing what you know about
our audience and what they want or need
from King Charles? Is this message
enough? Does it deliver enough of a
bang?
>> This is going to be the hard thing. Will
it deliver enough of a bang? I don't
know what you do beyond making a
statement. The titles can't be taken
away unless there's an act of
parliament. That's not going to happen.
The government in this country have got
more pressing things to try and resolve
rather than whether they should be the
Duke and Duchess of Sussex. That is
going to be the hard. I'm sure you've
discussed it as well with other people.
It is very difficult because there is
going to be a degree of fascination in
whatever the Sussex do and that's still
going to make it hard for the royal
family, the working members of the royal
family to get the sort of publicity that
they want and that's going to be hard
because the media will be interested in
what they're up to. But I think it's
just from the royal households point of
view just saying right we know you are
not working royals but as I say from a a
way of the media being interested it
will look and they will try the Sussex's
that is to make themselves look we are
out there doing good work and my
goodness me the public love us well
that's going to be the litmus test is do
the public love them when they start
doing their public visits or whatever
they're involved with that will be the
the test, but I think the royal family
had to do it, you know, and I you know,
the king has got a lot on his plate. We
saw him last week. In fact, I and Matt
Wilkinson did see him at the same venue
because I was a guest of the Victorian
League and the King was on hand doing
what he does well.
>> Did you laugh when the plaque fell?
>> Uh did the plaque fell? Yeah. Yeah.
Actually, the head of the charity, he
did go on a bit, but anyway, that's
neither here nor there. Yes, the plaque
fell. It wasn't stuck on. You actually
heard about this from Matt, did you?
Yes. Video of it. It's very cute. The
king Well, well, I was standing about
five 10 ft from where the plaque um fell
down as a as a guest at this Victorian
League and saw the king because he then
went on to the Bay Tapestry. So, he's
got a lot on his plate. And he'd been
doing various functions that day. And I
have to say the king was doing what he
does so well which is engaging in this
case with students of the Commonwealth
and who are over here as a result of the
work of the Victorian League which I I
really important work. But I think from
the king this what his statement today
from the royal household is I think
probably as important in many ways as to
just say to the Sussexes now don't try
and push us too hard just you remember
what we agreed back when you left and
that sanding agreement there is no such
thing as a half in half out royal
>> when we talk about this and we've talked
about this recently I
about how Harry and Megan they they
never do their due diligence. They fake
these royal tours where they make
mistakes that wouldn't have been made if
they had the palace helping them execute
these things. When they went to Nigeria
taking pictures with somebody that was
literally um removed from the United
States over fraud charges. Uh
they just I could go on and on about I
mean where were they? Were they were
they in Jordan when they were
photographed with people that had pro-
Hamas propaganda all over their social
media? And then um in Australia, Megan
launching this AI app whilst taking
photographs with ill children and people
that were victims of the Bondi Beach
shooting. You know, here's another
example of Harry and Megan not doing
their due diligence. You are who you
associate with. Not skinny but not fat.
Do you remember this podcaster? She made
a slightly critical comment of Meghan
Markle. So Megan Markle sent her a
really sweet handwritten note and
goodies from As ever during the with
Love Megan saga and she totally turned
this podcaster around. And now the
podcaster loves her and she's this pop
culture podcast and you know now you
can't get her to say anything negative
about Meghan Markle because they're
besties. Well, over the weekend she did
an ad for a betting app for her podcast
about the Lindsy Clancy murder trial.
What are the odds that she is going to
be found innocent, guilty, or whatever?
and the internet has completely lost
their mind because that's a pretty
common sense place not to go. A an ad
for a bedding app about a mother who
murdered her three children. And you
just think these are the types of things
that the royal family that is I mean
when I saw that woman's name that the
not skinny not fat girl when I saw her
name in the papers I immediately
associated her with Meghan Markle
because Meghan Markle has created that
relationship and this is exactly what
the palace wants to avoid with these
two.
>> Well yes and they've got to be very
careful and they've got to make sure
they pick their friends carefully. But
you can you've seen what's happened on
these quai royal tours. Australia was a
complete damp squib of a visit. You
know, you saw the pictures outside the
Sydney Opera House where they were
desperate for a crowd that the
indifference that has greeted them. So,
I think it's going to be a real test.
Now, I think there may be everything's
going to be very controlled. You know,
we won't see any walkabouts. they'll be
quickly let fed into whatever venue they
may be going into. So there won't be
much chance of any interaction with the
the general public. But I I think for
once it's quite good that this statement
has come out just trying as you say. I
mean I hadn't heard about that woman
doing that betting app around a trial
that is obviously got so much going on
around it. I mean, I'm not privy to the
the actual details, but pretty sure it's
it's pretty horrendous all the details
around it that if anyone is doing
anything like that. I mean, I I can't
even think why there is even betting on
that. I mean, that is just so
despicable. I mean, I like a bet. I
mean, I'm obviously a sportsman. I like
betting on the horses,
>> but which is nothing wrong with that.
All in moderation, you know. Um, but you
know to even have odds on something like
that is the worst possible taste. I mean
I haven't seen it and personally I don't
want to see it because if anybody is
offering odds on that then that really
is is tacky beyond belief. I mean you
>> and this is this is a woman that's like
trying to pretend that she is this voice
for the children Meghan Markle and then
she would basically endorse through her
actions and friendships a podcaster that
is making light of three children being
murdered.
>> I mean I'm I'm sorry. Uh it shows
Megan's lack of judgment. Um full stop.
I don't I mean she's so unselfaware.
It's all about me me. We even saw the
statement when the great feminist Gloria
Steinham died last week. You know, it
was the M me Instagram within about 2
hours of the news of, you know, the
feminist icon of of modern America. When
she dies, you've got Megan turning it
into a a love fest and without it. And I
even believe there may be some push back
from that, from the the Steinum family.
So,
>> linked not linked not ranked from a
woman that insists we refer to her as
the duchess in the United States of
America. Like that the fact that she
even included that line about how, you
know, she was gifted this bracelet that
says linked, not ranked. And it's like,
but you literally force us to
acknowledge that you're a little bit
better than us every time you insist on
being called the Duchess.
and and in America too where title where
titles mean absolutely nothing and have
absolutely no place in American society
and shouldn't because that was what the
constitution was designed to get rid of
all that. Uh, obviously we have it here,
but she should, you know, she is the
Duchess of Sussex, but big deal. You
know, nowadays, yes, she's the Duchess
of Sussex, but most people can see
through that and, you know, don't are
not remotely interested in in the titles
and and what it means. Yes, the king and
his surrounding family, but most people
who've got a title, yes, they're it.
If you want to get on in this world, you
you don't want to be pushing your weight
around. The other dukes and duchesses in
this country in the main, most of them
are pretty normal uh well degree of
eccentricity. You can go to some of them
where the aristocracy is still in full
flow with you know a few nutters running
around various ancestral homes. But uh
you know that's that's just the way of
the British aristocracy. But in terms of
the Duchess of Sussex, she's got a you
know manners maketh man. She has none
when it comes to she believes she is
above us all and being the Duchess of
Sussex entitles us to all bow and
scrape. It means nothing means nothing.
You've got to have a degree of humility.
If she possessed any, then it might
stand her in goodstead, but I'm not sure
she's got that. Now, I should say just
to be fair that the not skinny, not fat
podcaster deleted that ad and apologized
saying that she realized it was grossly
inappropriate. But, you know, a day late
and a and a betting dollar short, I
think, when it comes to such a horrific
um decision on her part.
>> Yeah. But, she still did it.
>> Yeah.
>> And then she suddenly gets the backlash
and then goes, "Oh, this is perhaps not
such a good idea." uh someone in her
team obviously thought you know then but
you have to take the rap if you're if
you're running something like that that
is popular you've just always got to
think before you do something and be
aware of your audience just as you and I
have to make sure that we are aware of
what we're saying and making sure we're
grounded in a in a degree of well you
know facts matter and don't don't just
go off on a tangent and think you're
being clever. Um, as I say,
>> do something unethical for a dollar.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And that is a betting
dollar, you know, that that is just
tacky. But she may have apologized
subsequently. Fair play, but she should
never have put it up in the first place.
>> Agree. Now, another um thing that The
Sun reports is that Megan is expected to
be photographed and publicized working
with some charities in the UK in the
coming months, but will keep a low
profile to begin with, is how they
describe it. This comes as the couple
iron out a new fair structure for
coverage of their engagements and public
work after they withdrew from the royal
roa system in 2020. Although Rupert,
let's not pretend like they haven't
created their own royal roa with the
WhatsApp group. Um, their WhatsApp group
is basically their faux royal roa. I I
don't understand how they can argue
about a system that they've completely
recreated for their own benefit.
>> Well, the hypocrisy of the Sussex is
there for all to see.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, they don't like the royal
rotor yet they need their time
journalists. No, we all we all know you
know people who are on side or whatever
that that is the way of the world but
they are playing the same game that the
royal family play. Now there are one or
two charities that um that Megan is
still patron of. Um I think they've
alluded to one being Smart Works which
does to help women. She kept that going.
Um it's not always been um and there's
some
Do we know what she's done for them in
the last six years, if anything?
>> Uh, not a lot. Um,
I I I'm I probably can't. Yeah, I know.
I know what's gone on behind the scenes.
>> And not a lot is your answer. And I
think I think that's fine. I think
that's enough. I think what what really
is so bizarre to me is this new chapter
with Megan in the UK where all of a
sudden she wants to engage in charity
work. I have tried to build a list of
every way they contributed to American
charities and American causes while they
were here. And Rupert, that list is
incredibly small. Showing up at the
Palisades fire. Okay. Yes, they donated
some money to Joseé Andre's kitchen so
that they could feed some people that
were not, you know, out of their homes
or displaced. They helped build, they
contributed to the build of a playground
in a city where there was a mass
shooting. But the reality is they never
really nurtured
their relationship with the United
States. They never went out of their way
to uh, you know, do charity work that
was localized and would help them create
a relationship with their own community.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah. And this, I think, is going to be
the test for Megan when she comes back,
well, back in this country, if she's
going to get back to helping charities
again. I know in Smart Works case, there
are a lot of people within that
organization, there's some famous names
who are happy to have her as patron. it
wasn't. Uh and so it will be interesting
to see if she's able to then bring
something to the table that will help
that charity which is en basically is
designed to help women a leg up getting
into business which on paper given what
Megan preaches you would have think
that's something that she should be able
to bring a something positive to but
she's got to be able to do it that you
know the firm need to raise money they
want money. They're not flushed with
cash. So Megan doesn't want to be a
drain on resources in the sense that
what she does has to be basically to the
benefit of the charity and does end up
raising money. But it's going to be a
tough act, tough ask for any charity
here because I think there's a degree of
skepticism amongst maybe the charity
community when it comes to Megan and
Harry because we've seen Harry having
his problems with Center Bali, African
Parks and and others. So, it's not
straightforward for the Sussex's to say,
"Right, we're back and now we're going
to be this great uh couple who's going
to help charities the length and breadth
of the land." their history is not good.
So they've got to rebuild that. Now
Harry has got a very good working
relationship with wellchild and that is
a successful charity does great work. So
that is one positive but it's going to
be a test for Megan if she can be seen
to not make it about her but about the
work of the charity. And um I won't be
holding my breath.
>> Yeah. I mean am I too cynical? Am I
overly cynical in thinking that this is
suspicious that all of a sudden she's
making this dramatic pivot to being St.
Meghan Markle of the UK of the
Cotswwells when she was so money
motivated in the United States. I don't
associate them with any goodwill during
their time in LA. I think about her I
think about a reality TV documentary
where they are hateful towards the
British royal family and discuss racism
within the United Kingdom that you know
I felt like unfairly portrayed the
country. I think of with Love Megan. I
think of the parodies that came out of
with Love Megan on Tik Tok. I think of
As ever. I think I just feel like I
watched a hamster on a wheel, but not I
don't associate her at all with trying
to do good or make the world a better
place. And even when I discussed their
their or when I was looking at what they
were doing charity-wise while they were
in the United States, it was in Nigeria,
it was in Colombia, it was in Australia.
And it it's like everything to me is to
look good, to look bigger and better, to
look more important than they are. And
that's what I feel like this is. I want
to look like a martyr while I'm in the
UK. But is my heart really in it? I
don't think her heart's really in it. I
think her heart is on the hamster wheel
trying to sell another apple butter.
>> Uh, yes. Um, which, um, I' I've now
discovered what apple butter is. Um uh
so and and good luck to her when it
comes to our apple butter. Uh and I can
tell you um obviously as we talked about
last week, the Cotswwell's um feeling of
having the Sussex in the in the local
vicinity hasn't suddenly changed. We
haven't seen too much sea change with
the the reception among certainly um the
people I mix with. It certainly doesn't
feel like they're going to be greeted
with open arms, but it's a long they've
got to make it a long work in progress,
but we've got to see a sea change. And I
just don't know. They've got the
intellectual capacity to do that because
they are a me couple.
>> They are the needy ones. And and Harry
now saying it's going to be all I'm
going to do this film about my mother
and you know, it all just sounds same
old same old. You know, when's it when's
the new script going to come, Rant? when
we going to see them trying to move on
and when's Harry going to move on from,
you know, the mother and just sort of
latching on to that and trying to
commercialize
um his mother in a sense 30 years on
since her death, however tragic it was,
but it's 30 years ago, you know, why do
we why should we should be looking
forward and Harry should be looking
forward? He's in his 40s now. What's he
going to do now? He's back in this
country. Let's let's move on. Let's see
if we can grab the situation, but
instead it's just regoing over old
ground and sort of playing the victim
and look at scars it left on my life and
if he get does this um Diana film, you
know,
>> let's talk let's talk about that because
that the the details you're referring
to, the story you're referring to is
Princess Diana's close confidant,
Richard CLA Richard Kay, claiming during
a palace confidential podcast that
Prince Harry has started approaching
Diana's old friends to take part in a
film about his mother. Kay says the
project will occupy the prince during
his first year back in Britain. Diana
has dominated the thinking of both
William and Harry for the last 10 years.
He said when they ma when they made this
film a different film nine years ago,
those documentaries to mark the 20th
anniversary of their their mother's
death. That was the last time they were
in really in step together. It's also my
understanding that they kind of agreed
at that time, this is the last time
we're doing this, you know, like let's
let's have a vulnerable conversation
remembering our mother and let's close
this chapter and and let's move on. This
would be Harry not following through on
that agreement. Richard K says people
always link Harry to Diana, but she was
also the mother of two boys. William is
just as much his mother's son as Harry
is, and Harry has tried to claim the
Diana legacy for himself to William's
intense frustration. You know, I don't
believe that Harry is home for a big
reconciliation if this is the path he
chooses. Because to go down the Diana
road, you bring up all sorts of you
bring up an affair between Charles and
Camila, the current king and queen, you
know, you you you bring up exactly what
Richard Kay said. I think she belongs to
William more than Harry because William
had to, you know, had the burden of
dealing with her emotional dilemmas far
more than Harry ever had to and her
mental illness to some, you know, in
some capacity. But I don't know how you
can claim your home to make things
better if you're going to stir the pot.
And
>> and I couldn't agree with you more. I
think that's the problem. You know, it
will be a one-sided, probably
sugar-coated view of his mother and we
won't get any checks and balances
because we have to remember that Diana
also knew what was going on. I'm not,
you know, okay, it was became a loveless
marriage. It was a marriage of its time.
It probably nowadays would never have
happened because there's, as we've seen
with William in a way, the world has
moved on. So, it was it was the last of
the sort of old school royal marriages,
you know, finding a 19-year-old for a
30-year-old um future king of England.
It all, you know, of its type and an
aristocratic young lady as she was that
thankfully that has now moved on and
members of the royal family can more or
less marry who they want. Um, including
Harry has been able to marry who he
wants. But you unfortunately um that
hasn't turned out too well for the rest
of the royal family because Harry chose
go you know marry an American actress
which um you know back in the day Edward
IIIth and people who just had affairs
with actresses and then moved on. You
know, Edward IIIth loved Lily Langry and
various others when we go back in in in
in time, but for Harry, we have got to
see him moving on. And I just think if
he does a Diana documentary, it will be
a sugarcoated view of someone who was
pretty good at manipulating the media to
make sure that her story was told. that
yes it ended in the most tragic
circumstances but my goodness me during
the '9s and you know she was able to
play the media magnificently
but she was the arch manipulator of that
media and for Charles it was a very
difficult time okay adittly he probably
created some of that drama but at the
same time let's not look at Diana's life
as being this absolute um paragon of
virtue
>> I'm sorry if I asked you this a few
weeks ago, but do you think at all that
this could be uh Harry and Earl Spencer
collaborating? Could this be, you know,
just the the arm of his book, his new
book that's come that's coming out in
the next few weeks? Could could we see
Earl Spencer and Harry working together?
because Earl Spencer has a journalism
background and um I do think it's odd to
see although this has not been confirmed
by the Sussex's but I do think it's odd
to see them both working on Diana
projects right now like you said third
almost 30 years later it just feels
>> it's not like it's 50 years or 25 you
know it's it feels so what a weird time
>> well it's a sort of every can't every 10
years slightly different when you're
sort of remembering things like D-Day
and you know every 10 years you
>> yes or or things that have a huge have
had a huge impact what what are we now
we're 911 what we're 20 what are we now
this year it's uh 25 years isn't it so
you you know you look at these things
these are landmark moments sort of
everyone remembers where they were at
911 I remember being in France you know
you there key moments in your life. I
remember when I heard the news about
Diana's death. You, you know, certain
times you sort of it hits the psyche
because they are such dramatic events
and um and and the circumstances.
But for Harry and and the old Spencer, I
think they they also should be moving
on. you know, Charles, but obviously you
remember at the funeral, Charles Spencer
didn't hold back in the funeral address,
sort of almost implying, you know, that
her sister would still be alive, but for
the sort of, you know, what was going on
around her at the time. Um, but I don't
agree with that. I think they've got to
stop now. I just think it's sort of
going over I What? Ask me this, Ky. What
new do you think is going to come out?
Because it's been poured over. add in
for an item. There can't be anything
new, can there?
>> No. I mean, anything anything that I
think anything that Charles Spencer
could or would offer would be hurtful
towards the royal family truly because
he may have been an ear when Diana was
upset or stressed about something. But
then I'd argue that we know for a fact
that they weren't really talking towards
the end of her life. She was upset that
she couldn't stay where she wanted to
stay on his property the summer she
passed away. And so I'm like really what
do you know if she because she was
famous like Megan for cutting people off
and burning bridges. That is where I
will compare the two. Otherwise I have a
hard time comparing the two.
>> But um yeah, what else? What can you say
that's not going to be really gross and
hurtful towards the pe people that are
still living
>> their lives
>> and particularly the king who as we know
is still dealing with his you know
battling well not battling cancer in the
sense he's still has the cancer in some
shape or form which is being managed and
you just think no give give the man a
break just let's you know he's happily
married now um queen Camila is a rock
for him. The world has moved on now. And
you've actually got to sort of forgive,
forget, and move on. And that's a lesson
in life. You can't harbor grudges and
think sort of got this
angst. It's almost Harry just wants to
constantly refer to the impact his
mother's death had on him. That's why I
feel sorry for William and and and
Katherine that they've got to deal with
this because again it will be painful
for William 30 years every day on the
anniversary of her death. You know you
always we all remember when our parents
died and that day will always have a
resonance and a family member is lost on
a certain day. You always remember that
and and it it's painful. But if it's
constantly in the public eye, you almost
think for for their personal sake, can
we move on? What is the fascination?
Because now the people who when she
died, 30 years on, we're all now in our
50s. Anyone under 30 won't remember her?
And and I think Harry for his own peace
of mind has to move on. When's he going
to get closure? I'm not That's what's so
I think frustrating for a lot of people.
You know, if you're closure, your mother
died. Yes. You've 20 years, 10 years,
you've moved to America to try and sort
of restart your life. Now you come
scuttling back because your life in
America has failed. And now you're
threatening to drag up more stories
about Diana from people who were why and
that's what I don't understand. What's
the need to feel that that's to
important? Is it the only thing he's got
to do? That's sad.
>> I don't think it's the only thing he has
to do. I think that he's just he it's so
important to him that we associate the
two because he doesn't like being
unpopular and his mother is ultimately
the to this day one of the most popular
members of the British royal family even
in death and so he's hijacking this
legacy trying to hope that it some of
the shine rubs off on him. Is that am I
just being a little b- word?
>> No, you're not. I think you're right
actually the way you put it there. No,
you are being a big
um No, that's what you would me. I don't
know what else you were say, what else
you were going to call yourself. I think
there's a degree of point there. Let's
remember Princess Diana moved the royal
dial significantly by what she brought.
It was changed.
>> Uh rec I can't say the word but anyway,
you know what I mean. Um the whole
philosophy of the royal family changed.
There was some good she brought some
good stuff to it. Obviously, you know,
then you've got Sarah Ferguson trying to
be Diana. That didn't work out,
obviously. Um, and and the way she went
about it, the media lapped Diana up. A,
she was a stunningly good-looking woman.
She could wear anything and it looked
good in it. So, she photographed
magnificently. She was able to promote
stories. She changed the royal family
the way, you know, she did want to try
and bring up her children a little
differently. And you could see how much
the children meant to her. So she did
move the dial with regard to the royal
family and leading the royal family and
particularly in Williams case the modern
approach and the way he brings up his
children is he's trying to avoid you
know he wants a different approach and a
hands-on approach to fathering uh
responsibilities towards George
Charlotte and Louie. And we've seen that
and it's very important for him and what
Katherine and those two have done and
Diana has helped for cement that. But
unfortunately William's younger brother
hasn't got the intellectual capacity to
work out that actually mom was good but
now it's time for me to live my life but
not live my life through my mother.
>> Yeah. And create my own legacy. I I'm
here. I can I ask you about these
conflicting reports I'm seeing in the
Daily Mail. In this particular article
about Harry, it says this issue of
trying to use Diana, the Spencer brand,
the Spencer name, to divide himself away
from the House of Windsor, I think is
something we're going to see even more
of. So, that's coming from Richard K in
the Daily Mail. Also in the Daily Mail,
we have Allison Bishoff, I hope I'm
saying her name right, saying that Harry
is pretty confident he's going to get
that automatic royal protection that
he's tell his friends are telling her
that he's very close to getting that.
Why would you try to create problems
with the House of Windsor if you want to
be treated like a member of the House of
Windsor? Do you see how I'm I'm because
[clears throat] I can see both sides
that he is pandering to the Spencer
side,
>> but I also
hear that he is trying to he just wants
the optics of the half in half out. The
palace is going to let him do his own
thing as long as he doesn't pursue
commercial ventures in the UK. It's just
it's it's kind of overwhelming.
>> Well, here's the thing. Didn't this
statement that we've been referring to
at the end said the security matters are
you know in the hands of the local
police and there are you know there's
made reference to it but it doesn't talk
about full-blown security because he is
a private citizen
>> and that was stressed in that statement
and that sort of the implications with
regard to security. So I don't think but
it's not the king's decision. Yeah,
>> it's a home office decision and they've
got to make a judgment call with regard
to any security issues. But isn't it
good? We know he's moved to the
Cotswwells, but no one's given a mention
of what's going on. You know, everyone's
got an idea, but in many ways that it's
not out in the general public. It's
probably to the frustration of Megan
because she wants probably everything
out there so she can say, "Look,
everyone knows where my children go to
school and look at the hassle." Well, I
can assure you, you know, no one gives a
flying duda uh about what's going on. I
was going to say something else, but
even I brought I I did some editing
there after your big phrase. I I think
anyway they don't give a flying duda for
it anyway or where she's living. Um it
just is one of those things people are
entitled to live. Be private. You will
actually then probably make it a little
better with regard to security issues.
But if you constantly go me me we want
you only highlight and this I think is
the frustrating thing um and for many
people we don't understand everything
has to be dealt with on merit and look
there are enough people behind the
scenes probably checking on these things
to make sure there's nothing out there
that suggests there is a unusual
security threat with regard to the Duke
and Duchess of Sussex. Um, I don't think
they're necessarily any more vulnerable
than any other non-working royal. And
you see the way the Princess Royal gets
on with it. Just upsticks an atom, get
on with it. And um, you know, gets on
the local train at Kemble to go up to
Paddington without batting an eyelid,
you know, and everyone sort of commuting
just like a general commuter. Yes, she's
probably got her will have a private
detective with her, but apart from that,
no fuss, no bother. let me just get on
with my life. And and I think that's the
role model. And if Harry could just
learn something, that's the way to get
on. Low [clears throat] key, just get
on. And yes, you can if you if you want
security, then you pay for it. Uh before
we um wrap with a story about how the
Prince and Princess of Wales are
expected to respond to Harry and Megan's
arrival, I need to get your reaction to
the cast of the gentleman being asked on
a red carpet
about Meghan Markle potentially joining.
of of course like I think we have said
together that we felt like this was just
a PR stunt by team Megan to distract
from the headlines. Was that your
ultimate uh verdict when it came to this
weird story?
>> Yes. And and before you play, I think I
remember you also saying it's going to
drive the actors and actresses to
distraction when they do red carpet.
Bingo. [laughter]
>> Exactly. So, I can't wait to see your
response to this video.
>> If a new cast member came along for
season three, how would you feel about
that? Say the different
>> uh it's so joyful that we get so many
new actors coming in and they all add
something unique to the show and that's
really fun for us this year. We've had
my jama, we've had Chris Eubank Jr., we
have Hugh Bonavville playing the most
delicious role of his career. Um, so
it's always wonderful to have new
flavors joining. Eddie is a
talks of a real life duchess coming
along to season three. How do you think
she'd fit in?
>> I think she'd fit in well. I mean,
wealth,
you know, violence and treachery.
>> I I know of a couple of guys that come.
I don't know any women that are in
season 3, but no, it's um you know,
there's a lot there's a lot of hype
about it at the moment. We start next
week and uh looking forward to it. Yeah.
How do you think the digit assistant if
she was to join would fit into the gang?
>> Who?
>> Megan Markle if the speculation.
>> I have no idea.
>> That's a question.
>> We've got a lot of pretty girls in this.
I'm not sure there's room for another
one.
>> So much speculation tonight on perhaps a
new cast member joining for season 3.
>> Who's that?
>> You tell me. What have you heard?
>> Nothing. I don't even know if I'm doing
it.
>> What What's your response to those
videos? More to show you, but what was
your reaction there? Uh, huge
indifference. I love Vinnie Jones's
reaction. Um, obviously ex- footballer
turned very good actor Ray Winston being
asked and other actresses. Um,
mindnumbing indifference because they
know the story that it's not happening.
You know, it it's it actually worked out
very nicely for the new season of
Gentlemen, but actually it's Megan
trying to prove that why not why can't I
be in something like that? Well, no,
they don't need that. Even though I'm
looking forward to watching the new
season of The Gentleman, it it's a good
crime caper set around British
aristocrats. So, it's all it's great
entertainment. Um, but I don't Megan
would bring absolutely nothing. I think
one of they alluded to someone Maya I
don't remember but she used to be on I
think on Love Island but has actually
been a by all accounts a rip roaring
success in the new uh series. So I think
it's I doesn't need Megan. This series
does not need her bringing the sort of
extra drama to proceedings. Leave Guy
Richie to continue to create a hugely
popular Netflix series. It's a crowded
market. Um, my goodness me, my wife
watched some Guff on Netflix. You know,
they all seem to be set in Montana and
things like that. Uh, you know, sort of,
you know, but I don't know. It's a
crowded market out there, but Gentleman
seems to be on a on a higher plane um,
and doing extremely well and it does not
need Megan to be bringing anything to
the table. So, I think that now is you
could see the actors, their eye rolling
indifference to the question. No, we
don't need it. Vinnie's perfect. We've
got lots of lovely women on this
program. I'm not sure we need another
one. Um, or if they do, it'll be someone
bringing something else to the party.
You know, if Hugh Bonavville is making a
cameo appearance, fantastic. You know,
or what more could you want? You know,
Guy Richie can get any actress he wants.
He doesn't need the soap opera. I mean,
he was married to um
>> Donna.
>> Uh yeah, Madonna. I think he knows
that's that was enough to ruin one.
>> He's not enough. He's in his diva quota
when it came to
>> look at he he's done well. He's moved on
and he's still making good good programs
and good films. So, good luck to him.
Megan, I he won't be in the series.
>> I don't think that they're going to show
it because you're so small on the
screen. So, I apologize to the audience,
but you did audibly laugh after Theo
James said, "Treacher, wealth,
treachery, violence." Yeah, she'd be
great. Like, you
>> I did I did say that. Yeah, I did laugh
at that because that sums it all up. Uh
that that was another one of just the
points that they were making. Uh they do
not need um and actually she'd want to
be treated like the star of the show.
No, you know, there's a pretty good cast
list in that and they're the ones who
need to be treated. If you're just
coming along, you're not going to be the
main character. You will be a supporting
part and that's the thing that annoys
her. She doesn't like being a supporting
actress. She wants to be the star of the
show.
>> Absolutely. Watch this. This one, I
think Theo looks a little bit more
annoyed.
>> If you could set the record straight on
a couple things. Um, Megan Markle, I
have to ask you, uh, her name has been
thrown around as possibly joining for
the new seasons.
>> Prince Harry is playing one of my love
interests.
>> That says it all. They complete
indifference and you could see, you
know, these these media circuses are
pretty boring. And you could see him
going, "Oh my god, the life was just
being sucked out of him."
>> Yes. Um, and at least he came out with a
good line that Prince Harry's playing my
love interest, which I thought was which
is is good. I hadn't seen that before.
So, um, yeah, that just shows what we
all think of it. And, um, again, it it
shows their desperation at times to try
and create a story that's not there. So,
you know, hold the front page. What are
we going to have over the next few weeks
as they try and um, create something
about their return to this country? And
and while William this week William's
going going to the funeral of the the
king of Norway, whether it's this week
later on, which is quite normal, the
king would never go. Uh uh it was always
it's not protocol for the king to go. So
William will be seen at that
representing his father as the the king
used to do when representing his mother
at these uh occasions. So we'll see him
there. He'll obviously be taking his son
to eaten. the other two will be back at
school and then they can knuckle down to
what I think will be quite a busy autumn
for them. Um and hopefully we'll get the
necessary publicity and attention and
you know trips to India whatever is
around the corner but for we for the
Sussex's
just shut up for three months and then
then then we'll see where we're we're
there um in the new year. But if less is
more for the Sussex's, but I I'm not
holding my breath with regard to that.
>> And hopefully we're not dodging too many
questions about how the Wales family are
adjusting to the Sussexes because the
the the reality is they've got a new
normal to navigate life without George.
I mean, they're, you know, I'm sure that
they're the Princess of Wales is trying
to create a schedule on how to
communicate with him regularly at Eden.
>> Oh, don't worry. Look, I went to one of
these schools. You But I when I was at
one of these schools, I had to We didn't
have mobile phones. Yeah.
>> I had to queue up in a phone box and do
a reverse charge call and hope my
parents were in
>> and accept it.
>> Hey, and accept it. You know, that's the
way it worked at my school, Stow. You
You'd have to ring. I mean, back in my
prep school days, we wrote letters once
a week to my parents and uh you sat down
on a Sunday and composed a letter. I've
still got some of them. I asked once,
"How do I become a juke?"
>> Um because everyone at my school seemed
to be a son of a juke. So, I've got PS,
how do how do I become a juke? So, I'm
not sure. And look, u my children have
gone through this. you you can
communicate and bearing in mind they
live in Windsor and he's at Eaton which
is in and back in the day no one used to
go and see your children play sport when
I'm sure they can rock up on a Wednesday
afternoon if he's in some team somewhere
he'll be all right
>> and uh don't don't start worrying just
because he's never gone to
>> I'm not worrying I just want I just
think that that's a much bigger um
priority for the Wales family than
Harrying anywhere near them.
>> Look, and I remember my first day going
to my public school. I remember being
quite nervous
>> cuz suddenly you've gone from the
comfort of your prep school in or your
previous school. You had all your
friends around him. I'm sure Harry will
William rather George will have people
who were at Lamborrook who've gone to
eaten as well. So he will have friends
that he's known since the age of eight.
So immediately will probably gravitate
to to them. But I think he's going to be
absolutely fine. Look, he's a he seems a
levelheaded.
The school will obviously be, you know,
I know you're going to be talking about
it, I think, in subsequent episodes.
People who've been to Eden, as you know,
I managed to fail to get in Eden when
that was the hardest thing to possibly
do. So um you know in back in the '7s if
you got it you you basically it was
almost a shoe in but I managed to prove
how thick I was and I couldn't get him
to eaten so I ended up going to Stow
instead but there we go. Um but I wish
him well.
>> Let's wrap this with a report from the
um Daily Mail. Prince William and the
Princess of Wales allegedly plan to
continue to ignore Prince Harry and
Meghan Markle following the couple's
return to the UK. Have you been asked
about this when you're doing commentary?
Because I have. People have said to me,
"Well, they have to acknowledge it,
don't they? They have to say something."
And I'm like, "No. Why would they?
[clears throat] Absolutely not." Um, it
says the friend says to the Daily Mail
of the Prince and Princess of Wales, "It
makes no difference if Harry and Megan
are in California or Timbuktu." The pal
added, "William and Katherine will
continue to live their lives of public
service. They intend to lead by
example." No. Why? Why would they have
to acknowledge these two tornadoes?
>> What What would be gained?
>> Yeah. There's nothing to be said. You
know, when those racist allegations were
banding around you, all we The only
thing we've ever heard in relation to
the problem is my family is not racist.
Wasn't that what he said? But it was
like a throw.
>> Very much not racist. I thought was it
very much not racist.
>> But if you remember, that's the nearest
thing as a sort and sort of sensed his
frustration. So he's not going to be
saying anything. What's he he gains
nothing by saying anything. This is
absolutely right. You know the mantra,
you know, shut up, never
>> complain. Never complain.
>> Never complain and just get on with our
job. We're looking forward and what
we're going to be doing. Our family are
in a good place. We've had a good
summer. You know, now it's the time.
We're looking forward. They're being
here is going to make no impact on our
lives whatsoever. But the royal family,
at least by this statement that we
started this program with, acknowledges
that they're back, but basically has
told them, "Keep in your books,
Sussex's, because you know your place
and remember the Sandringham
arrangement." And that was the important
thing. And that's the nearest thing to
uh to a statement from the royal family.
It's just reminding them of their
situation and all of us of their
situation. So I think that was a smart
move by the royal household just to
remind the Sussex's and the general
public as a whole that they are not
working royals and William can get on
with his life. The king can do whatever
he he can get on and you know he's been
up in Scotland been at the Braar Games.
He had a prime minister with him at the
weekend just being the king as he
manages and navigates his way through
another year of his reign. So, um, it it
must have added stresses and strains,
but as I say, when I we were with him on
Wednesday, he looked to be in in very
good spirits. And I know at the the
thing I was at, he was really engaged
and he's fully committed to getting on
to working. Saw the Bayer tapestry,
which he speaking in French. He's doing
his best to be as normal as possible.
William is too. And so anyone who's
suggesting they need to make a statement
now do not and they will not be I I will
that will be one of the most surprising
things that if we hear William suddenly
doing something I just can't see it
happening.
>> Also Harry and Megan are so
unpredictable that why would why would
William almost endorse anything when
they're leaking that in six months they
could be living in Canada or Australia
too? It's just like I I I believe the
reports that William and Katherine just
want to stay as far away from possible
as possible because these two aren't
stable.
>> Well, yeah. And we don't know what
they're going to do. You know, we
suddenly see they're living back in this
country. Megan may get incredibly bored.
It's won't, you know, once winter comes
around. Look, the weather's been lovely.
They've come back. We've got September
can be a lovely month in this country
and the weather has been nice. But I
tell you what, living in the cotton
cells when it's dark by four o'clock and
light at 8 o'clock and it's damp, wet,
cold, miserable.
>> You haven't even met your squirrels yet.
>> Oh my squirrels.
>> Demon squirrels.
>> Oh, these squirrels. Now, I mean, I've
I've got Oh, demon squirrels. Uh, they
are everywhere. And at my big crisis,
we've had rain
>> and I know people occasionally want to
know, my corettes are still hanging on
in there. I've had good I've had good
joy with my cucumbers. Um, and I've had
good joy with my tomatoes, but my lawn
has taken a pasting. We've had rain
>> and I've now got I've got crisis
management on my lawn. I do not It's
come back so patchy because of our hot
summer. So, I that I I'm more concerned
about that than whether the Williams
going to be making a statement about the
Sussexes. So, I I I've now got to go
into lawn crisis management. Uh that
that's my big
>> I'm sure that our audience will have
some recommendations for you in the
comments about how to recover.
>> Well, I've I'm I'm going into scarifying
mode.
>> Okay. I don't know what that means.
Okay.
>> Well, basically, you take out all the
dirty dead stuff and I've got to reede.
But given that around me I've got so
many partridges and feeasants. I just
know I put grass seed these pestic and
and the squirrels uh and other rodents
of the world u um around me. Um luckily
I don't have too many mice because as
you know I do have uh
>> you have a mouse catcher
>> Percy [clears throat] the persecutor of
all little rodents. Uh yes. So um and
that is I get a weekly present, a daily
present in the morning. I mean he is he
is he is u look at the shock and horror
on your face. He is he's a he's a rodent
killing machine. Um which is good
because you don't like them running
around the house. But um so that but my
lawn is my big crisis. Um and um I might
give you a picture update of my lawn and
send it to the uh producer should should
they need it. But uh that is my that is
my big dilemma. It's really exercised
me. So um sorry about that.
>> No, don't be sorry. I'm sure the
audience is curious to know. Do you want
to introduce your bloopers from the
intro? Do you want to do a little nice
little black mirror inception
introduction to your mirror your
Here it is. I'm one of the most
professional broadcasters ever. Not. and
I'm Robert Bell from a fairly soulless
hotel room near Cardiff where I am today
but I will be bringing you all the news
and there won't be any then I was going
to say right I'll say that do that again
hi okay
>> oh my gosh
>> here we go hi I'm Robert Bell from a
slightly soulless hotel car
Hi I'm Robert Bell from a slightly
soulless hotel room near Cardiff
Cardiff's not soulless, but this hotel
room is. And I'm bringing you all the
news about the Who am I? [laughter]
>> That's it for us, guys. We'll see you
again next time. Thanks, Rupert.
>> Bye-bye.
[music]
[music]