Something weird is going on. [music]

>> I hereby strip Harry and Megan and their

offspring of their royal titles. Duke

and Duchess gone. HRH gone. Princess

[music] gone. Prince gone. All of it in

the trash can.

>> Harry is so demanding and so

condescending. And [music] he spends

more time complaining about his past

life, complaining about what he doesn't

have than he [music] has ever spent

making the world a better place. You're

a public laughingstock.

>> Attention [music] is currency for Meghan

Markle. Any attention, positive or

negative.

>> Does Harry [music] deserve royal

security?

>> No. I don't think Harry deserves royal

security. Made his bed. He [music] needs

to lie in it. Something's going on

behind the scenes. And that's why

they're fighting so hard to control the

narrative. You don't just pack [music]

up your life and move in the dead of

night and not tell anyone unless you're

running from something.

>> Yikes. The fallout from Harry and

Megan's decision to remove their

children from a prep school in the

Cotswwells continues at Pace. I'm going

to get reaction from the brilliant

broadcaster Kinsey Scoffield. But before

that, I have an important announcement

about the Mark Dolan Show. We launched

over a year and a half ago and we are

massive. Our numbers are through the

roof and the target of this show via

truth bombs, authenticity and yes, my

swimmers build is to be the number one

talk show in the world. We already have

massive influence. We make it into the

newspapers. The websites are all over

our content. And of course, Harry and

Megan themselves via their ruthless

public relations machine, which never

sleeps, decided to attack me and to

attack this program for daring to do

journalism. So, we're a big deal. And

let me tell you folks, thanks to your

support and watching every day and with

the numbers growing, we have only just

begun, which is why I've made a major

decision for this show. And it's been

inspired by a lot of things.

my gut instinct, my experience as a

journalist, my sense

of the difference between right and

wrong

and your views, too. Because for so long

now, I have resented calling Harry and

Megan the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.

They're not the Duke and Duchess of

Sussex. The only thing that they are the

Duke and Duchess of is double standards.

In 2020, they struck a deal with the

late great Queen Elizabeth II to leave

the royal family to no longer be working

royals, to go to America. And of course,

they wrote the horrible book Spare, the

disgusting Oprah interview, and the

mocking Harry and Megan Netflix

documentary. They're grifters, they're

cynical, they're cruel, they're

heartless, and they are resolutely

untalented people. So the fact that I

have to come on air and use this massive

platform which is growing by the day and

I have to make myself mildly nauseous

saying the words Duke and Duchess and I

have to go to bed at night

as I rest my head on the pillow

reflecting on the fact that although the

titles are in obeyance which means they

can't use them technically

Harry and Megan are still

his and her royal highness. But they're

not high, are they? They are his and her

royal loness. So for so long now, I've

resented using these titles. And for so

long, I have begged and implored King

Charles to act. That letter a few days

ago was excellent. It reminded Harry and

Megan of the terms and conditions of

Mexit. But I wanted more, and you wanted

more. You wanted a statement that King

Charles would remove those titles

unilaterally,

comprehensively, and officially by an

act of parliament, by a letters patent.

It wasn't that difficult when they

decided with the swipe of King Charles's

fountain pen to remove Duke of York from

Andrew Mountbatton, Windsor. But

unfortunately, although the king is a

kindly man, and I wish him well in his

later years of life, and of course his

very, very brave cancer battle, but he's

a great guy, but irredeemably weak. Now,

the good news is that I'm not weak. I'm

strong. I'm brave. I'm courageous. I'm

fearless. I'm knowledgeable. I'm wise.

Swimmers build. So, what I'm going to do

is I'm going to take this opportunity.

Now, I've been consulting you for the

last 48 hours, telling you in both

previous shows that I need you to help

me with this decision. Do we use the

massive platform of the Mark Dolan Show,

a show that is on the radar of Harry and

Megan to do the right thing, to do the

thing that King Charles and the

authorities and the prime minister won't

do, WHICH IS TO STRIP THESE charlatans

of their ridiculous, madeup, fake royal

titles. And I'm afraid to say that this

decision today to strip them of their

titles does include Archie and Lee. Now

Lily, I got no doubt that Archie and

Lily are adorable, lovable, smashing,

wonderful little children. You don't

choose your parents, but it's highly

appropriate for Harry and Megan, having

been so cruel and traitorous towards the

royal family,

for not just them to have the titles,

but their children as well. And let's

not forget Harry told the queen he

wanted freedom. He wanted independence.

He didn't want to be royal anymore. And

of course, he wanted to make money. So

you reap what you sow. In many ways,

Harry and Megan, I'm giving you what you

actually wanted. And when you talk about

Archie and Lily having privacy and being

safe, the best way to do that is to make

sure that they are no longer prince and

princess because if they're prince and

princess, naturally they will be a

target. So, it's now the official

position of the Mark Dolan Show that

going forward in this studio and when

I'm out and about doing my viral videos,

I will no longer refer to Harry as the

Duke of Sussex. I will no longer refer

to Meghan Markle as the Duchess of

Sussex. And Archie and Lily, who I'm

sure are absolutely adorable, remain

Archie and Lily, and that will be the

end of it. I hereby strip Harry and

Megan and their offspring of their royal

titles. Duke and Duchess gone. HR gone.

Princess gone. Prince gone. All of it in

the trash can. All of it in the

dumpster. And it's exactly what Harry

and Megan deserve.

for reaction. Let's get the views of a

very good friend of mine, the queen of

US royal reporting, Kinsey Scoffield.

Hi, Kinsey.

>> Wow, Mark, if only those were official,

you know, words coming from King

Charles. So, we were no longer expected

to address these two as the Duke and

Duchess of Sussex. I have just stopped.

And if if I'm accused of being

disrespectful, I'm gonna take that hit.

You know, I think that Harry and Megan

twerking in hospital rooms, they don't

really reflect

royalty in any way, shape, or form in

the last six years. I know Megan tries

to recreate the look on in Instagram

posts, but um I I don't believe that

they behaved like members of the British

royal family, so why should we refer to

them with their titles? It's just it's

an insult ultimately to Queen Elizabeth.

She had no idea they were going to act

this way when when she gave them those

titles.

>> And actually, as broadcasters and

journalists, we can do the right thing,

can't we, Kinsey? And I would have

thought that you're going to feel more

comfortable coming on this show now in

the knowledge that Harry will have the

title he deserves, which is Harry

Mountbatton Windsor. That Megan becomes

Meghan Markle again. that Archie and

Lily can be the wonderful free private

children that they should be with just

their Christian names. It's

disappointing, isn't it, that Charles

hasn't done more. It was our mutual

friend Tom Bower who told me just a few

days ago, Kinsey, that when William

becomes king, he's going to do a Mark

Dolan and he's going to officially strip

the titles.

I would prefer to refer to them as the

Huitts, which I think is fair thanks to

[snorts] that amazing SNL skit, which we

really enjoyed here in the States. Nice

to see SNL UK finding their footing and

uh, you know, totally ripping into these

two because SNL SNL in the States

ripping into Harry and Megan was the

first sign that things were really

crumbling for them. And we've had this

conversation before, but politically

Harry and Megan tried to find an

allegiance pretty quickly. Like they,

you know, Megan doing campaign events

with Camala Harris and with Stacy Abrams

and with Hillary Clinton and, you know,

they were definitely trying to align

themselves with the Democratic party.

Uh, SNL America is notoriously liberal.

And so when you finally saw SNL America

taking pot shots at the Sussex's, you

realized that they weren't really on a

study ground as they thought they were.

They weren't really as morally superior

as they thought we assume. You know, we

were uh thought that they were. Um and

to see that also happening now in the UK

is is pretty glorious.

And the great irony before we come to

the discussion about Harry's efforts to

get armed bodyguards and the complete

debacle over removing Archie and Illy

from their school after just 48 hours.

Before we get to that, the great irony

is that this brave and

characteristically courageous move by

myself on the Mark Dolan show actually

helps Harry to be safer. Because if

Archie and Lee Lily are no longer prince

and princess, and if Harry is no longer

Duke of Sussex, Megan is longer duchess,

no longer duchess, then they're going to

be safer, aren't they?

>> Well, I mean, I we're going to talk

about it in a second. I think what we've

witnessed over the last few hours is

total theatrics when it comes to their

school and and trying to blame that on

any sort of safety concern. I'm tired of

being manipulated by these two. Um,

Harry and Megan would argue that they

need their titles. Megan told Oprah

Winfrey the reason that her son lost

some form of security, that she never,

you know, clarified was because the king

refused to make him a prince, which was

a blatant lie. He was inevitably going

to become a prince once his grandfather

was the king. Uh but Harry and Megan are

convinced that these titles

um enti these titles are exactly why

they deserve the royal the armed

automatic armed royal protection that

they're asking for. And so they would

argue that they need the titles to

secure the security. But I understand

what you're saying that if they would be

private citizens and if they would keep

their heads down, they would not require

the amount of security that they insist

that they need.

>> Kinsey, if you're called the Duke of

Sussex or if you're called the Duchess

of Sussex or if you're called Prince

Archie, you're a bigger target than if

you were just called Harry, Megan,

Archie, or Lily.

>> Cue it. Yeah.

[laughter] You are so naughty. But clues

in the name, prince, juke. These titles,

unfortunately, I wish the world wasn't

like this. Put a target on your back.

>> Yes, but Harry doesn't care. I mean, you

if you really cared about security, you

wouldn't gloat about killing 25 Taliban

in your book about your wiener. Like,

obviously, like the book wasn't about

being a war hero. The book wasn't about

how to survive PTSD. You know, Harry

didn't have to include his kills in that

book. That was he was bragging. If you

are really concerned about security, you

don't choose the school that's 45

minutes away that's going to require

four separate school runs a day because

your children are different ages. So,

you're going to have to go pick up Lily

and you're going to have to go pick up

Archie and you're going to have to pick

them up at separate times and drop them

off at separate times. like you know

it's if you are truly concerned about

your safety you behave in a way that

reflects that and these two are

constantly choosing the most complicated

scenario so that they can go back and

say look it didn't work out cuz we need

better security. Well, there are a

thousand reasons why I'm so happy that

this has happened on the Mark Dolan Show

and why we've shown the global

leadership where where I ahead of the

future King William and the current King

Charles have made this important move. I

feel so emboldened by this move. Not

just because actually if Harry's serious

about his privacy and his security then

it's better not to be called Prince, not

to be called Duke. But here's the other

point. In the book Spare, which

unfortunately, like you, I had to read,

and that's a few hours of my life I'll

never get back,

Harry wrote about how awful it was being

in the gilded cage of royal life growing

up, the goldfish bowl, the reality show

of being a royal, and the burden of

being born Prince Harry. Well, if it was

such a miserable experience being Prince

Harry as a little boy, why is he calling

Archie Prince Archie?

He also said during the Oprah Winfrey

interview that his father and brother

were trapped Why would you want to trap

your child? Why would you want to trap

your own children in this toxic

environment that you've explained over

and over again? I actually recently went

back and watched his Steven Colbear

interview where he claims that him and

Megan were forced to leave the United

Kingdom.

>> Yeah. We we had to run away. Was that

the line? We had to run away from the

country or some nonsense.

>> And it's like if that's the case, then

how were you capable of just hopping on

a private jet and coming back with

multiple dogs and your children? And

most of us would have to put our kines

in quarantine. Not Megan Markle. You

know, it's like they're just so full of

it. And I think at the end of the day,

you and I both recognize that the title

argument, even when it comes down to

public figures versus private citizens,

Prince Harry the Duke of Sussex, Meghan

Markle, the Duchess of Sussex. This is

about ego. Megan also, you know, Megan

recently remembering Gloria Steinum

talking about how Gloria gave her a

bracelet that says linked, not ranked.

Then why are we in why are we instructed

to refer to you as the Duchess of

Sussex? You know, right when Harry

stepped down, he did a speech where he

said, "Just call me Harry." You know,

that attitude was erased very quickly. I

think that when Anderson Cooper said to

Harry, "Why not? Why? Why not give up

your titles? Harry got so defensive

about that during that interview. It is

all about ego. It's about wanting what

the Prince and Princess of Wales has.

And you're not you're not ever going to

be king, buddy. I'm sorry. Even if worst

case scenario that we never want to

discuss were to happen, there is no way

that the United Kingdom would allow the

crown on your head. That's the end of

the monarchy. Period. Nobody wants to

see you as king or Meghan Markle as

queen.

Do you think Megan and Harry have a

secret plan to become king and queen?

Because that is certainly the view of

Angela Levan, who knows Harry intimately

well as his former biographer.

>> Uh, I think Harry and Megan are all

about taking advantage of the proximity

to the British royal family, but they're

realistic in in knowing that they will

never be king and queen.

Also, they don't like to work. They

don't King Charles is in and Princess

Anne are the hardest working people on

the planet. King Charles has cancer, and

he shows up day after day with a smile

on his face, jeopardizing his own

health, shaking hands with strangers,

hugging people, meeting new people, not

knowing where their hands have been.

Harry and Megan don't like the work.

They don't want to be king and queen

because it requires a lot of you. Even

Queen Camila, all of the work she took

on when King Charles and the Princess of

Wales were out because of their cancer.

Queen Queen Camila hit the ground

running. I think her car had issues at

one point, so she had to take a

helicopter somewhere because she

insisted on being at this event that was

counting on her. Harry and Megan don't

have that kind of commitment. And if you

need an example of it, I can point you

towards their them pulling their

children out of school after two days.

>> Most definitely. And they found it very

very boring to be working royals. Megan,

of course, quoted on that Australia

trip, the previous trip to Australia

when they were frontline royals. I can't

believe I'm not being paid to do this.

Now, there's another reason why I think

it's fantastic news that the Mark Dolan

Show has stripped Harry and Megan of

their titles, and that's the principle

that should they divorce, which I

believe eventually they will, at the

moment, if they remain Duke and Duchess

of Sussex, and they divorce, Megan

remains Duchess of Sussex for the rest

of her life.

Well, that would be the name we'd see

splashed across the book that Vanity

Fair warned us about years ago, the post

divorce book that Harry and Megan never

sued about. Uh, and I think the Duchess

of Sussex title would be very important

to the publisher that she have that on

there. So, um, I love where you're going

with this. Realistically though, I think

that, uh,

we might have some obstacles in our way.

Well, what we've done is we've used the

might of this show and this platform,

all of it fueled by my audience who have

sent me, let me tell you, Kinsey, no

less than 6,000 messages across two

shows since we began this conversation.

I cannot find a single comment saying,

"No, let them keep the titles." I've had

a few suggested alternative titles,

which I can't repeat on a family show,

Kinsey. But they've got to lose Duke and

Duchess because of course Megan will, as

you say, leverage and weaponize being

the Duchess of Sussex following a, if

we're honest, inevitable divorce from

Harry. And there are two other good

reasons why, before we move on to

security, why it's the right thing for

this show to strip them of their titles,

which has now officially happened. And

those two reasons are William and

Katherine. I've got no doubt that the

Prince of Wales will be settling down to

his evening episode of the Mark Dolan

Show with a nice little whiskey, drop of

water in there, a single cube of ice,

and he'll be chuckling away to himself,

and he'll think, "Thank you, Mark Dolan.

You've made my life that bit easier."

>> I am sure that that's exactly what's

taking place right now after his long

day of royal engagements, meeting new

people, new faces, shaking some hands.

He's you've taken you've taken some

stress away from him.

>> Well, although we speak with our tongue

slightly in our cheeks, it's quite clear

that William would be amused at the idea

of Harry being stripped of his titles,

if not amused, enthusiastic.

It's my understanding that Prince

William feels like the king should have

been much tougher and set much

much more aggressive boundaries

sooner than he has. I mean, the letter

that we've been debating for two weeks

now is um it's pretty vanilla. He's

clarifying points that were made back at

Sandringham 2020 by Queen Elizabeth II.

Any suggestion that Harry and Megan

should have had the opportunity to

contribute, to reward, to challenge any

of those points is an insult to the late

great Queen Elizabeth II. Uh it's

disrespectful to King Charles who was

just clarifying the terms because he

does have government officials

approaching him saying the Sussex team

wants to do this event. What is

protocol?

Do we have members of the armed forces?

Do we have members of the military

meeting Prince Harry, greeting him in

the way that they would greet an

official working member of the royal

family at the door for photos? What's

the protocol? How do we proceed? And the

king was just clarifying, if Prince

Harry and Meghan Markle, show up at your

charity event, no bells and whistles, do

whatever you need to do, but do not um

do not do anything that you would do

when when it comes to working with an

official member of the royal family

because that could confuse people and

these these two are not representing the

crown.

>> No. And you're so right about that. Of

course, Harry and Megan love the

confusion. They love the gray area that

they're not working royals, but they're

called Duke and Duchess and their

children are Prince and Princess. So,

they're thrilled about that ambiguity.

It's a sick joke that Megan goes around

using these royal titles given the fact

that she's caused so much damage to the

institution. It's pretty wild. It's like

somebody being a member of Parliament

that tried to burn down the House of

Commons. You know, it just sticks in the

craw. It's contradictory. It's wrong and

it's very very self-destructive of the

institution of the monarchy not to have

dealt with this couple more firmly.

Well, I'm delighted that the Mark Dolan

Show have. No doubt, Kinsey, we will be

the first, but not the last to make this

move. And King Charles, take notes. Read

the room. Those two grifters must lose

the titles. What about security, Kinsey?

because I spoke to Sarah Luis Robertson

who of course is a former top Daily Mail

journalist and she has told me it's her

understanding from her royal sources

that if Rav say no to armed bodyguards

for Harry King Charles will pay.

I don't know if there would be well f

first of all I you and I have had this

debate you know there are still people

that will say the king should not give

Harry any special privileges you know

like if Ravik says no and the king pays

then it still looks like the royal

family are given special privileges from

you know the government that it's

setting the precedent that any high

empowered person could come over and

say, "I want this and I'm going to pay

for it." And then the government would

fold. So, I don't know what the protocol

is there or the logistics of how that

would work out.

>> Do I think that the um do I think that

people would reject the idea of King

Charles paying for it? I don't. I I

think that they'd be like, "Well, he has

the money. Go for it. It's better than

us paying for it." Um, but I also think

it would be it would look like hush

money. It would and I don't know if

Harry would like it because Harry has

always said that his father

uses security to manipulate and control

him. And so would Harry put himself in

that position where the king could then

not pay a bill or two and put Harry in a

difficult position because Harry's

acting out? That's the what I I'm I'm

just hearing this now for the first time

and that's the way that my mind is is

working working around that information.

>> Oh, well listen, that's because you're a

genius and I often say on this show that

I'm very lucky obviously I have a

massive brain and I describe it as a

Tesla brain. That's how quick and rapid

my brain is. But not like a Tesla from

now, a Tesla 10 years from now that

hasn't been invented yet. That's my

brain. A Tesla 2036. Let me tell you,

you're you're a Tesla 50.

>> Thanks, Mark.

>> Yeah, you make me look like a dunce,

like a bozo.

>> I don't think that's the case at all,

but I appreciate it.

>> But I'll take it. I'm happy to be a bozo

in your company because you talk so much

sense and you've got a global audience

and I think that this issue around the

security is absolutely fascinating. It's

abundantly clear, Kinsey Scoffield, that

the idea the taxpayer will pay for

Harry's armed cops is for the birds. It

ain't going to happen. There would be

the mother of all backlashes. Now, I of

course got embroiled in this huge

debate. My position is I don't like

Harry. I don't think he's a good person.

He's just not my kind of guy. And of

course, Megan as well, a just a dreadful

human being. But Harry is the king's son

and it doesn't matter how many titles

you strip and whether he's living in a

farm in Namibia, it doesn't matter. He's

the king's son. And so my view is the

king or he should pay. But I would like

those bodyguards to have a gun because I

think it's different to other public

figures. And it's because it's the

monarchy and the king is the head of

state. And that's why I think it's

easier to argue he can have armed cops

compared to a billionaire or a pop star

because he's knitted in to the sort of

constitution and the legal framework of

the country by being the king's son. But

that said, I think the controversy is

around who pays.

>> Yeah. And I just think that he was told

when he started to challenge his

position within the family that here is

a list of things that you miss out on if

you quit your job as a working member of

the royal family. Security was one of

them. If I am working at any insurance

company or I'm a greeter at a local

Walmart and I quit my job and I I can't

go back to Walmart and say, "Sorry that

I quit my job, but I'd still like the

health insurance you were paying for or

I'd still like this or that." When you

quit your job, you lose certain perks.

And that's just the way that the world

works. I understand that you're saying

he can't help that he's the king's son,

James Hwitt. Um, but I'm just kidding. I

just

>> determined to get me in trouble today.

>> I'm just kidding. I love that. I just

love that SNL went there. Um, I'm not

>> I mean, you know what? You know, it's

hard to say. I'd like the blood test. I

think we should do a a DNA blood test on

Harry live on the Mark Dolan Show. We'll

stream it around the world and I'll get

needs to be there. Jeremy, the paternity

test with the

>> Get Jez on board. Um, but I, you know,

he quit his job. I mean, I I I

understand what you're saying that he

can't help that he's the king's son, but

you know, Michael Jackson's children

can't help that they're Michael

Jackson's children, and you do not see

them that you don't see them being even

half as entitled as this guy is. Harry

is so demanding and so condescending and

he spends more time complaining about

his pre his past life, complaining about

what he doesn't have than he has ever

spent making the world a better place.

And that's what ultimately the royals

are here to do. Leave the world better

than they found it. You know, I truly

see that in Prince William and all of

his efforts.

>> And I don't in any way, shape, or form

see that with Harry. It's always about

what can we get, what do we not have,

what what is missing, and we're going to

tell you about it.

>> Yes. And the vast vast majority of my

viewers will agree with everything

you've said in regard to Harry's

security. I mean, we can all agree the

taxpayer shouldn't pay, but many will

still find it outrageous that having

abused the family and having given up

being a working royal, having struck

that deal with Elizabeth, he should then

seek to have his cake and eat it and get

one of the big perks, which is armed

cops. So, you know, that's where my

audience are. That's where you're at.

It's where most people are. And in fact,

you mentioned public figures. You're

quite right because I'm completely

preoccupied with Sir Elton John and I'd

like him

>> to have armed royal protection because I

think he's the greatest composer

of the modern era. So, you know, if

anyone gets the bodyguards, it's EJ,

it's the rocket man. Um, just on this

security then, what do you think's going

to happen? Because of course, we've had

this rather performative removal of

Archie and Lily from their prep school.

They've gone to another prep school.

It's mad that the security operatives

looking after the family hadn't checked

out the route prior to the main school

run whilst term term time was happening.

So what do you think's going to happen?

Do you think Harry is going to twist the

arm of Rav?

No, I mean you know I had been saying

when American media is much different to

UK media because we are discussing I

know it's against the rules where you

are but here we are discussing where

Harry and Megan are going to school. You

know you'll see the article say like

we're choosing not to reveal but behind

the scenes we are having conversations

about where they're going to school, how

far away is it from the house. And when

I was approached a few weeks ago about

the school that they inevitably chose,

my first instinct was, "No, that's 45

minutes away. If Harry and Megan are

concerned about security, why?" And and

I'm I'm hearing from locals that traffic

is hellacious,

then that doesn't make sense for Prince

Harry to choose that school if if

security is the ultimate concern. And I

was wrong. they did choose that school

and then then that outlet comes back to

me and says well they pulled them out of

that school because traffic's salacious

and you know they're it's a 45 minute

drive and I said see so I think that

Harry and Megan sometimes

choose the most complicated path so that

to justify their complaints and to

justify their wants and needs. You know,

they could have chosen a school closer

to where they are currently calling home

and security would not have been an

issue and traffic would have not been an

issue, but they chose the more

complicated school so that they could

go, "Daddy, we need your help. Just

choose the school that's closer to your

to your to the home you're currently

staying in." I mean, it's it's an

obvious answer.

>> It also might be quite nice for the kids

to attend a school close to their

accommodation. And this is what no one's

talking about, Kinsey, is Archie and

Lily because yes, they're going to feel

a little affronted because they've just

lost their prince and princess titles on

the Mark Dolan show. But notwithstanding

that, I'm sure they're lovable little

ones. It's not great for them, is it?

They were very settled in the United

States. They had their friends, they had

their teachers, the community, and lots

of freedom in Monteito, California.

They've been dragged over to the UK,

spent two days in a school, and then

pulled out, which many would argue is an

elaborate publicity stunt. You got a

feel for those kids?

>> I do. And it just makes you think about

how comforting the stability of the

British royal family truly is. I know

some would say it's boring and it's a

little vanilla, but at the end of the

day, Queen Elizabeth's stability more so

than King Charles. It was a comfort to

everyone. We see it in the Prince and

Princess of Wales, even in Prince George

going to Eden, which should be the focus

right now, but instead it's like this uh

revolving door of of schools Harry and

Megan are are trying to decide where

their children are going to go to. Um, I

think that that lack of stability and

the inconsistency

is not only why Harry and Megan failed

to make it in Hollywood because people

couldn't count on them and stability

breeds trust, but it also shows why they

were never going to be able to function

properly in the British royal family

because the royal family demands

stability and they they demand

um, you know, once You pick a lane,

stick with it.

>> Do you agree with Dan Wooden that this

drama, this fiasco, this pantomime

around pulling Harry and Megan, uh,

sorry, pulling Archie Liy out of their

school after just two days. Dan Wooden

says that this school drama has echoes

of the near catastrophic car chase in

New York a couple of years ago.

Well, when you're because Harry and

Megan have spoken about this through

their team and they're using words like

their convoy. I mean, what preschooler

that is supposed to be a private

citizen,

you know, is is what are who is in a

convoy? I mean, I do think it's it's a

little ridiculous that I I thought I

said from the beginning, I think that

this is all just Harry trying to

manipulate Ravik and there's no way that

anyone in their right mind would choose

the the longer route because it it just

complicates things. And if you're

looking for a simplified life and you're

looking to settle into the Cotswalts for

uh to to quietly find some sort of

reconciliation with your family, you

aren't immediately going to complicate

things with a a 45minut potentially four

times a day school run with for your

kids. That's four hours somebody almost

somebody's going to have to spend in a

car, you know, including with with

traffic included. That's just not

reality.

>> No, it's not. And can we now get to the

next outrage from Harry and Megan? I'm

so happy not calling them the Duke and

Duchess of Sussex. Just Harry and Megan.

They were so angry at King Charles for

that letter that called them private

citizens. And oh no, no. Can we not be

public figures? I'm afraid not. You're a

public laughingstock. Anyhow, Harry and

Megan are responsible for yet more

monetization of Archie and Lily with

Megan's latest Instagram drop. And

you've got footage of Harry in a boat

with Archie and Lily doing a bit of

fishing.

Lily on her bicycle, of course, Archie

running along as well. We've got

Wellington boots and puddles. Now, there

are several things going on here. First

of all, Meghan Markle is essentially

paparazzi to her own children. So that

destroys their privacy. But there's a

safety issue as well because you know

this modern expression that's used on

the internet called doxing and that's

where a mob will reveal someone's

address in order that they can face

peril and attack. Well, by publishing

this footage of where the family are,

Megan is doxing her own kids.

>> She is, but I also know that where they

are, they feel incredibly safe because

they they have a lot of resources when

it comes to security in the home that

they're currently staying at.

>> Well, that's right. It's being reported

that they're on the compound of a

wealthy individual. Mhm. And and it's my

understanding that they really do have a

lot of security resources at this

location. Yes. I mean, in the leadup to

Harry and Megan's return and once they

landed, Harry and Megan sicked their

attorneys on people pretty immediately,

uh, threatening media outlets to not

reveal their location or the location of

their children's school. They sent

messages to the parents in the

community. The schools were sent me um

messages to the parents in the community

asking that they respect the privacy of

some of the high-profile families,

meaning Harry and Megan, you know, don't

share pictures online of of people's

children that that don't belong to you.

That kind of wording. So Harry and Megan

are demanding this privacy while

inviting curiosity with these little

tidbits. And the thing is is if you

truly wanted privacy, you would stay off

the internet. You would stop posting and

you would allow your children to settle

before inviting this level of chaos into

their lives. I mean, Megan knows when

she posts something on Instagram, it's

going to immediately become an

international headline thanks to the man

that she married.

>> Most definitely. And that sentiment is

echoed by Dy Davies, who is the former

head of royal protection, who said to

Sky News today in regard to Harry and

Megan, "If you want security, keep

quiet." And I had Hillary Ford on the

show just last week, international

broadcaster and royal expert Kinsey. And

she said, "Look, there is a scenario

where the Sussex's whoops, Harry and

Megan, force of habit, where Harry and

Megan come back to the UK and they're

respectful, they're quiet, they keep

their heads down, they do their charity

work, they raise their kids, they say

sorry to everyone. And under those

circumstances, maybe there's some kind

of way back. But that's not what we're

going to get from Harry and Megan, is

it? They're not going to be quiet.

They're not going to be respectful.

>> We should have known that they weren't

going to be quiet when we learned that

Megan had planted the gentleman's story

to distract from the fact that they were

coming home losers. In my opinion, um,

you know, the page six, Hollywood

revealed that the gentleman

offer was never an offer. It was a

casual conversation had by Megan and a

casting director that Megan took as an

offer, but ultimately used as an a a

convenient way to distract from the fact

that they were coming home with their

tails between their legs. Could they be

coming home because Megan was offered a

big Guy Richie show? The reality is no.

The cast was livid throughout the junket

for the series because they were all

asked about Meghan Markle every single

time. The ratings have been piss poor

because people were turned off by the

Megan uh the Megan storyline before the

show had even come out. And

I, you know, that was Megan trying to

land and make a splash and say, "Look at

me. Look at me. I'm still a valuable

asset." And the reality is that's that's

just simply not true. So, the Sussex's I

I think realistically that should have

been our first sign that the Sussex's

were going to wreak havoc in the UK.

>> Well, there was a post by Angela Levan.

Of course, I mentioned her earlier. She

knows Harry intimately well. She spent

months with him, including during his

courtship to Megan Markle, and she's

written the following on X in the last

few hours. Why does Megan show off the

family in a lake so people can work out

where they are? And what a terrible

experience for the children to be taken

away from school after only 2 days. Was

there a lot of traffic or was it drama

day to get as much protection for them

paid by the public and they do nothing

in return? They're going to be a real

nuisance. Well, they are, aren't they? I

mean, this UK return, Kinsey, has just

been a complete public relations

dumpster fire.

It has, but I think they thrive on the

chaos. So, I don't know if they're

sitting back thinking that they need to

re-evaluate things because I I

ultimately think that they attention is

currency for Meghan Markle. Any

attention, positive or negative. And so

I just imagine her like the grandpa from

Ducktales diving into the coins and all

the cash. Like she just loves attention.

She just wants attention is currency and

she is just swimming in it right now.

>> And Harry and Megan don't do

self-reflection.

>> No, they are completely unaware of uh

any sort of I mean I've never seen them

take accountability for anything. If if

they really wanted to return to the UK

and make peace with any and all, it

should have started with an apology.

>> Does Harry deserve royal security?

>> No, I don't think Harry deserves royal

security. He quit his job. Um, he

badmouththed his former employer and he

put his brother and his brother's family

in serious harm by accusing them vaguely

of being racists. You saw a spike in

harassment on the Prince and Princess of

Wales after the Oprah Winfrey interview.

People still referring to the Princess

of Wales as KKK on social media thanks

to Harry and Megan's behavior. So they

they still are being harassed online and

and that was due to Harry and Megan's

behavior. So no, I don't think he

deserves royal protection. I don't think

he deserves royal security. He made his

bed. He needs to lie in it.

>> You're fast becoming one of the world's

most in demand broadcasters. So we're

going to wrap this up with two rapid

fire questions. Kinsey, first of all,

you're so fond of William and Catherine,

and you have been since they met, since

they married, and of course, you adored

the late Diana. How do you think William

and Catherine are feeling right now amid

all of these negative headlines in

regard to Harry and Megan?

>> I told you so would probably be the

first sentence on their tongues. But

also, this is a difficult time for them

because they are such a close family and

Prince George is is just down the

street. But the reality is they prefer

Prince George upstairs in bed in under

their same roof as them. So, while Harry

and Megan continue with their own

circus, I think ultimately the Prince

and Princess of Wales are are sitting

across from each other going, "I wonder

what George is doing right now. Do you

think George is having fun? Is George

having does has George made any new

friends? And I think those are really

the conversations that are happening in

their house. Do you miss Charlotte? Do

you miss George? Those are the

conversations that are happening in

their house right now. They're not

worried about the stupid Sussexes. And

I've said it for a long time now, which

is that in terms of PR and headlines and

noise, Harry and Megan may win a few

short-term battles, but William and

Catherine will win the war. Partly

because they're so graceful. They're so

dignified. They're so respectful.

They're so attractive. And of course,

they're going to become king and queen.

Last but not least, how do you see Harry

and Megan's UK return playing out? Will

they still be here in 5 years time?

>> I don't think that they will be there in

5 years time. I think that

something is a miss to pack up your life

and move.

giving King Charles a few days notice,

something weird is going on. You know, I

don't know if it's the I don't know if

it's Nile Gardner's prediction that it's

a visa issue. I don't know if it's a

money issue over the loss of the Daily

Mail case, but this was an act of

desperation. I don't know if it's saving

the marriage because Prince Harry was

miserable in in the state of California

and in in the United States, but

something's going on behind the scenes.

That's why we're seeing Megan push back

so much to control the narrative between

the video of the the puddle splashing

and Prince Harry's birthday post.

But but something's going on. And that's

why they're fighting so hard to control

the narrative. You don't just pack up

your life and move in the dead of night

and not tell anyone unless you're

running from something.

>> There's only one show in the world

better than the Mark Dolan Show and that

is Kinsey Scoffield Unfiltered and I

think you've just discovered why.

Kinsey, we love your work. You go down a

crazy storm with my audience. I cannot

wait for our next on air encounter.

Well, listen. They got great taste as

have you. Folks, what do you make of

what Kinsey has had to say? Please like,

subscribe, hit the notification bell,

take a look at the Dolan membership on

YouTube. You're part of the Dolan

boardroom. Extra exclusive videos every

week. But what do you think? Do you

support the decision of this show to

strip Harry and Megan of their Duke and

Duchess titles? And what do you make of

this armed royal security? Is Harry

going to get it? And should the king

pay? I'll see you for another big show

tomorrow.


