Breaking right now, King Charles has

finally spoken. Prince Harry and Meghan

Markle, you might think you're coming

back here to restart royal duties, but

that ain't going to happen.

Now, look, I'm going to going to give

the monarch a small amount of credit for

doing this.

I think it has taken too long,

but it does mean he has listened, and it

does provide a mortifying clapback to

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Prince

William has won.

The late Queen Elizabeth II

won't be rolling so hard in her grave

because it means the King is publicly

insisting that the Sandringham summit

stands.

So, we're going to get into this

bombshell blow for Prince Harry and

Meghan Markle on their UK return today

with Brittany, editor of the Royal News

Network, because this is just huge news.

But first, I want to take you through

the letter that was sent privately to

the Sussexes, but now has also been

leaked publicly in a coordinated effort

for King Charles to reclaim the

narrative. So, let me take you through

the reporting from the head of the royal

rota. It's very interesting. She has

been pro-King Charles throughout all of

this, Rebecca English, and there is the

headline that the King has said Harry

and Meghan are still not working royals

after their return to Britain. And she

writes, "The King today made it clear

that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are

still not working royals following their

return to the UK."

In a letter of guidance to senior

stakeholders in the government,

military, and those who represent the

royal family around the country, Charles

said Harry and Meghan's titles are in

abeyance, and they should not be treated

as anything other than private

individuals.

The monarch has also advised that

security issues should continue to be

directed to the relevant police

authorities.

The guidance was sent out under the

King's instructions by his most senior

official, the Lord Chamberlain.

Royal officials have made clear it is in

full accordance with the Sussex's

family's stated wishes to remain private

citizens while in the UK and in keeping

with what became known as the

Sandringham agreement, which still

stands. But Britney, that might be the

case. However, this is a humiliation for

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. You

know, Britney, he was hoping for a

change in all of this and what the King

is signaling today is that William has

won. Sir Clive Alderton, who's on the

way out, has has won. And that ain't

going to be changing. And by the way,

Harry, when you want to moan about your

security, it's not my issue.

Thank God.

Thank God. I mean, look, I'm not

holding out too much hope, but maybe

just maybe, Britney, the King has

finally listened to his subjects.

>> He has, Dan. Hopefully, this is how

things stay, but it was about time

Charles made the stance clear here

because Harry and Meghan are constantly

pushing their own agenda with basically

no clapback from the royal family. And

we know the mantra is never complain,

never explain. But really, in this

modern era, that that just no longer

works anymore. And especially with Harry

and Meghan's aggressive, aggressive push

here, Charles really had to hold the

line. Now, he needs to do more. Strip

titles, places in line of succession,

uh job as counselor of state. Like, that

needs to happen, too, cuz I think it

would make the separation even more

clear to Harry and Meghan. But Harry and

Meghan have chosen the life of private

individuals. And doing a cosplay royal

routine is is not being a private

individual. You are attempting to redo

the job that you left. And Harry and

Meghan here need to understand that they

have chosen this life and coming back to

the UK and acting as if nothing is

wrong, that they're just going to go

back to what they were doing and

undermines the very foundations of the

monarchy and what it does. It's so

important here for Charles to hold this

line. I still think he's probably going

to be a little soft on it, but this was

a good thing for Charles to do because

he needs to make his position clear and

it's been unclear for way too long. I

wish he had done it sooner, but Charles

is just a very reactionary king. He's

not a proactive king here. So, he only

does things seemingly when he has to be

pushed and when things become so bad he

needs to respond. It's good that he did,

but hopefully even more can be done here

because Charles needs to leave the

throne intact for William and allowing

Harry and Meghan to do that as they

please is not going to help with that at

all.

>> Yeah, exactly. It's almost like this is

maintaining the status quo position,

whereas actually we are asking for much

more from King Charles. Much more has to

change and certainly when it comes to

security, what's interesting to me is

Charles is basically saying, "Well, it's

not my problem." But, Harry is making it

his problem by consistently

basically running running uh roughshod

over the the official judiciary in this

country by ignoring the king's courts

and writing directly to to the home

secretary. So,

what I will say is like

Your Majesty,

this is your problem.

>> [laughter]

>> And you've got to get your son under

control.

Okay, you've got to get Harry under

control. It's not enough to just say

nothing to see here. However, however,

Brittany, I want to celebrate the wins,

okay? And we are very tough at King

Charles at certain points. You have been

very tough on him over the past few

days. Let's celebrate this win today.

Let's celebrate the fact that the king

has listened. Let's celebrate the fact

that this is a total humiliation for

Prince Harry because it's the government

being told. Harry keeps thinking he can

just he can just act as if he's a royal,

whereas actually to be very clear what

the king is saying here is Shabana

Mahmood, the British Home Secretary, my

son might be writing to you. He's not

writing to you as a prince. He is not

writing to you as a prince. So, you need

to treat him in exactly the same way as

if Dan Wootton has just written you a

letter. Do not give him special

treatment, the king is saying that. But

look, pretty, I think it is very

important that we read the letter out in

full. Because while it's important we

translate it to, it's obviously written

in sort of official speak, it really

does matter given that this has come

from the right honorable Lord Benyon,

the Lord Chamberlain. So, let's get into

it.

It reads, following the decision by the

Duke and Duchess of Sussex to relocate

to the UK, we have received a number of

requests for guidance.

To help avoid doubt or confusion, the

king has directed that the following

information be shared.

But first, you know how open and

outspoken we spend an awful amount of

time talking about institutions that

don't give you the full picture. Well,

here's one that can hit Americans

directly in their wallet, Medicare.

Millions of people are on the wrong

Medicare plan and don't even know it.

Not because they're careless, because

most Medicare agents only show you the

plans that pay them the most, so you

never see the full picture.

That's why I want you to know about

Chapter.

They are the only Medicare advisors that

compare every plan nationwide. Chapter's

independent advisors look at your

doctors, your prescriptions, your

priorities, and they're honest. They're

not paid to steer you anywhere. One

caller called Chip found out his old

broker had been putting his own paycheck

first. Chapter found him a better fit,

and now he's saving over $1,300

a year. Folks who switched with Chapter

saved an average of $1,100

a year on health care costs. So, call

814-813-4918

now. It's free, takes under 20 minutes,

and there is no sales pitch. Finally,

see the full picture by calling 814-813-

4918.

But now, back to the show.

So, this is from the king directly.

It is well known that in January 2020,

the Duke and Duchess stepped down from

undertaking representative duties on

behalf of the sovereign

and are no longer working members of the

royal family.

This position, distinct from the state

and royal duties undertaken by the

working royal family, and with the

personal latitude it brings the couple

in respect of financial independence and

protection of their privacy as they

would wish. Oh my god, it's actually

funny. Will continue to be fully

respected. So, Britney, let's just pause

there because this is the most important

part.

The king is doing two things here.

Reminding the couple of how hypocritical

cool they are, but saying, "You know

what? You can earn your own money

however you choose,

but please just remember.

Please just remember that you didn't

just tell the world, Britney,

but you told us

that the whole reason for this exit was

privacy.

So, do not come back here

and all of a sudden try and thrust

yourself into the private conversation

when as far as we were concerned, you

were doing this for privacy.

I think the inclusion of that, Britney,

is so, so significant

because it's Charles really calling them

out using their own words. Just

remember, yes, you can make your own

money, but just remember you claimed you

wanted privacy. And then, it reminds me,

Britney, of South Park. You know, you

then went on a worldwide [laughter]

privacy tour. I think this is the king,

in some ways, attempting to humiliate

the couple

into

private life, into a quiet life. I don't

think it's going to work for a single

second, but I think it's highly

significant that he is using their own

explanation, Britney.

>> I think it is, Dan. He is well aware of

the hypocrisy of Harry and Meghan, as we

all are. The only ones who aren't aware

of it are Harry and Meghan themselves,

it seems like. But Harry and Meghan have

not had a private life. Again, we have

seen royals who have, let's say, mostly

retired from royal duties and have lived

privately. And they're able to do so

with little fuss, little muss. But Harry

and Meghan constantly want to court

attention. They just want it all on

their terms. And the reality is that

that when you're a public figure,

privacy sort of ebbs and flows. You

don't have a ton of privacy if you are

trying to court attention, because to do

that you have to violate your own

privacy. And let's be honest, too. Ever

since Meghan restarted on Instagram, all

she's done is violate the privacy of her

children and her own family. And so,

this whole idea that Harry and Meghan

are wanting the private life is is just

completely ridiculous, but it's what

they've claimed, and it's what they're

still being held to. They've like tried

to walk this back over the years, but we

all knew their calls for privacy,

respect our privacy, respect our

children's privacy. They've endlessly

gone on and on and on about this, only

to reverse course when it suits them,

and violate their own privacy when they

feel like they they need attention, or

what have you. And so, I think Charles

holding their feet to the fire here

is a really good thing and it's a really

good thing for the monarchy, too,

because the monarchy, to a certain

extent, yes, they have their privacy,

but they also share aspects of their

lives with the public, and they have

this very careful line that they walk,

which I think everybody respects. But

Harry and Meghan, of course, make a

mockery of even that with their demands

for privacy, yet showing their kids. I

mean, it's all such a mess. But I think

good on King Charles here for pointing

this out.

>> Indeed. Now,

the letter goes on, Britney, and by the

way, it is worth pointing out this is

briefing from the Daily Mail, but it

goes on to say that it was sent to

relevant senior stakeholders across

government, the military,

and Lord-Lieutenancies

by Lord Benyon, as well as to Harry and

Meghan.

It goes on to say,

it follows that there is no change to

the current status

of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.

Their styles as His and Her Royal

Highness remain in abeyance

and are not used.

The charitable work

of the Duke and Duchess is a personal

matter for them both

and undertaken in their private

capacity.

In short,

their position is akin to private

citizens with commercial and charitable

interests.

And again, Britney,

we just have to think about the

significance of what the King is saying

here.

It's like, don't even think about them

as half-in half-out.

Don't even think about that.

They might brief as much as they want,

because they have been, Britney. We've

seen it over the past few weeks, that

they have won

that they are now half-in and half-out

royals.

That they will use their royal titles

and royal connections for the money.

This is the King saying, "No, they will

not, and they are not." And to me, it is

highly, highly significant. I mean, it's

mortifying, too, by the way. Like, just

a reminder, they're not His Royal

Highness. I mean, for Harry, that is

like a dagger. That is like a dagger to

the heart.

And also, Britney, in terms of saying

doesn't matter what they do,

they're just like me.

They are just a British citizen. They

can do whatever they want. But, it's the

detail here, I think. And even though it

is just the repeating of fact, this

needed to happen, Britney, because their

briefing has been so dishonest.

>> It really has, Dan. Especially Meghan

wanting to get back into the charity

scene and acting like she can just pick

up where she left off, even though she

had the greatest chance to help the

British people, to be a part of various

charities. She dropped them as soon as

Netflix and Spotify came a-calling. And

so, to sort of come back and act as if

they're just stepping back in to the

life that they left is deeply

problematic, and that's why it's so

important here for Charles to say, "No,

they they can do what they want.

Nobody's saying they can't. But,

everything that was agreed to back in

2020 still holds. They are not working

royals. They can't use a His or Her

Royal Highness, which is a pretty big

deal in the royal sphere. And so, if

they can't use that, they can't do this.

So, they can go about and do what they

want here, but everything still holds

the way it was. And this was so

important for Charles to specify because

Harry and Meghan are definitely briefing

and working and trying to be cosplay

royals. They're trying to establish a

rival royal court here. And Charles

needs to make it clear that they might

attempt to do these things, but even as

the newspapers, even as the various

groups, you are not here to indulge

that. Yes, you may send a reporter to

cover them if you wish, but the royal

family is still the working royal

family.

Harry and Meghan are outside it. They're

doing their own thing. And they are

allowed to do that, but we are going to

hold to the integrity of the monarchy.

Again, I think Charles needs to make

some more steps, but I think this is a

great establishing shot here, because

this had to happen. Because right now,

Harry and Meghan are trying to dominate

the entire news cycle, trying very much

to portray themselves as working royals,

and Charles had to put an end to that.

>> Yeah, indeed, Brittany. Now,

again, the the the specificities

in the letter are what I again think are

quite mortifying for Harry and Meghan.

So, there's two in this next section

which I want to point out specifically

to you, Brittany.

First,

any specific questions that from

official and state organizations about

the courtesies which should be extended

to the Duke and Duchess, and

particularly where recourse to public

funds may be required, should be

directed to Buckingham Palace.

So, so, so what the King is saying there

is do not even think about listening to

Harry and Meghan.

>> Mhm.

>> If they come to you and say, "You've got

to do this for us." And obviously, it

wouldn't be them personally. Brittany,

we're talking about their team. You

know, but if their team goes to, for

example, the Department of Education,

I'm just picking an example, plucking it

out of thin air, and says, "Well,

they're doing to a visit a visit to a

school. You've got to roll out the red

carpet or or or

or treat them as more than a private

individual." The King is saying

in those occasions, do not listen to

what Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's

team tell you. Come to us.

Come to us, because it is very clear

that they are going to try and overstep

the bounds of who they really are. I

think that is very significant,

Brittany, because to me, it suggests

a serious level of distrust between

Buckingham Palace and the Sussexes in

terms of what they are likely to ask

for, in terms of what they are likely to

demand.

>> And this is very, very critical, Dan.

Because what is happening here is that

because of, again, Harry and Meghan's

status here, he's technically what,

fifth in line of succession, they have

these titles and everything. The concern

is is that Harry and Meghan will go to

an organization and cite their titles

and credentials and connections to the

monarchy and be treated to the same

level of of fanfare as Catherine and

William or the King and Queen or the the

Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh. So, the

the royal family has to make this clear

here that if Harry and Meghan are going,

especially I think, to anything

connected to the government or anything

like that, you direct questions about

what's going to happen and how the

monarchy is going to respond to

Buckingham Palace. If anything, if Harry

and Meghan approach you, talk to

Buckingham Palace cuz Buckingham Palace

will tell you, "Hey, they're not this,

they're not that." And yeah, they can

visit you, that's fine, but they are not

representing us in any way. Because

again, the danger here is that with all

those titles, people may think Harry and

Meghan are representing the monarchy.

That's why the titles need to go. That's

why they have to go is because people

still get confused. This is why Nigeria

and Colombia rolled out the red carpet

for Harry and Meghan is because to a

certain extent those titles hold

influence. They they feign a connection

to the monarchy and that, of course, is

the danger here. So, to disrupt that and

to say, "Hey, if Harry and Meghan are

any chance saying that they represent

anything, they're coming on behalf of

the King or just even they're coming on

behalf of themselves, but oh oh, they

have connections to the crown or

something." It allows any organization

to put their questions to Buckingham

Palace going, "Okay, Harry and Meghan

are telling us this. What is the truth

here?" Because the monarchy holds the

power and that's what Charles needs to

establish. It's not Harry and Meghan,

it's the monarchy, it's the crown, it

has all the power. Harry and Meghan have

none, and that needed to be made

appallingly clear to them.

>> 100% Brittany, 100% and what is also

interesting

is that the letter goes on to say any

operational security issues should

continue to be directed to the relevant

police authorities. So, again, I would

say that is the royal family saying,

"Well, they're not royals, so

they don't get security unless they get

given it by the police." Which, of

course, has been the king's position all

along, but it's much, much more

significant given the briefing that

we've seen over the weekend, Brittany,

from Team Sussex is that, "Well, of

course, they're going to get their

security. You know, of course, they're

going to get it. It's just a matter of

time. There's going to be a U-turn

within a fortnight." Uh the last line of

the letter is particularly brutal.

Again, it's just stating a fact, but I

think you'll understand what I mean. All

correspondence and administrative

questions relating to the couple should

be sent directly to their office, which

will continue to operate separately from

the royal household.

And it's just like, burn. It's just

like, burn.

>> Yep.

>> If you value the whole truth and nothing

but the truth on these royal stories,

make sure you subscribe to Outspoken

right now. It allows me to work outside

of the MSM and the royal rota.

>> Yeah, they're definitely making it clear

here where they're drawing a line in the

sand. And this had to happen. It took

way too long to get here. I think

Charles, again, is allowing Harry and

Meghan to run the narrative a little bit

too long before trying to rein it back

in, but this is definitely them drawing

a line in the sand saying, "We are

separate households. We have nothing to

do with them in terms of what they are

trying to do here in the UK, but

anything related to how they are

looked at as royals must be directed

back to the seat of power for the

royals, which is Buckingham Palace, but

any administrative questions or

something like that, send it to the

Sussexes. When it comes to security,

that is a police-related issue. We're

not going to weigh in on that, which is

exactly how it should be. And the

reality is again, the government had

decided before Archie was born, I

believe, that they were not going to

extend security to him. And Harry is

trying at this point to kind of guilt

the government going, "My children,

they're going to be most vulnerable on

the school run, so you need to give me

security." And this is just such a

danger here for the monarchy. And it's

good for Charles to say, like anything

related to security, give it to the

police. They will figure this out. I

want nothing to do with this, which

should have always been the stance and

made again, more clear earlier. But,

it's good that Charles is making these

steps here. I think he's felt the

pressure. I think he's finally waking up

to the fact that Harry and Meghan, they

may promise a lot of things, but Harry

and Meghan are not good at keeping their

word. They constantly lie to get their

way. They're constantly spinning

narratives. And it's good for Charles to

at least begin to recognize that. Begin

to fight back and allow William, I think

here, to take some more of the charge

when it comes to Harry and Meghan,

because I think Charles is just a little

bit too emotionally attached. While I

think Prince William will take the

harder stance and take, in this

situation, I think very much the right

stance to protect the monarchy. Again, I

don't I can't even think of any royal

household that is dealing with something

in this way, at least in Europe for

sure. And so, this is just a very unique

circumstance. I think they need to

like kind of rip up the the playbook

here when it comes to dealing with Harry

and Meghan and really figure out how to

manage them, keep them away. This is

what's going to protect the monarchy,

and it has to be done.

>> Yeah, indeed. Um, Brittany,

of course we saw that over the weekend.

I I mean, look at the Daily Star

front page today. This idea of the

school run

now being the most dangerous the most

dangerous part of the week

and what Harry and Meghan are actually

doing here is making it clear

that they want people to know that there

is a security risk I mean I would argue

Britney it's the most dangerous thing to

do if you're looking to be protected and

I did quite like this from the will page

I mean this is a joke obviously but it's

hilarious I'm actually going to give

them a follow right now because of it uh

breaking news first sighting of Harry

and Meghan during the school run and

look look and uh

this Telegraph article Britney and

remember this is written by

Victoria Ward who broke the story of

them returning and who is very very much

part of the Sussex propaganda machine

these days says that the school run is

the biggest concern

and uh they start next week so as in

this week uh there was a suggestion they

may already have been there so no it

looks like it's happening now this week

however the family still waiting for

answers from the home office and she

writes the daily school run presents

specific challenges because of the

repetitive nature of shuttling to and

from the same place every day at the

same school it is absolutely the biggest

area of concern one friend said it

creates the most dangers they also

confirmed there Britney that the nanny

has relocated to the UK with the couple

that was the suggestion but it is now

confirmed but stupidly they say oh but

the Duke and Duchess will be doing the

school run themselves sometimes just

like they did in Montecito

various policies and procedures have

been put in place with teachers given

special training now Britney you say on

this leveraging the children to guilt

the government into giving Harry and

Meghan full-time government funded

security

is low and indeed it is but Britney I

would also argue, it's dangerous.

It's dangerous. Like,

you were trying to create a security

situation. That's my reading of this,

because otherwise, Britney, why the hell

would you announce to potential

terrorists, to potential mad people,

we're going to be doing this every day?

Oh, well, it's not the nanny. It's not

the nanny. We're going to be doing this

the same time every day, and it's

actually going to be Harry and Meghan

sometimes. What they're doing is

inviting an issue. It is completely

nuts. And Britney, I'm very consistent

on this. I was hugely critical when woke

ITV and Chris Shipman and Charlene White

revealed a whole load of information

about security around Prince George at

school. I was utterly disgusted by that,

because you do not talk about this if

you were trying to avoid threats. Yet,

they are talking about it, Britney. They

are pushing it.

>> Mhm. They are 100% doing that, Dan.

They're They're inviting something.

Honestly, I was thinking the other day,

I was like, I bet you there'll be some

sort of paparazzi chases they're trying

to get to school. And they're reminding

us, yes, they're vulnerable during the

school run. It's like, well, were they

not vulnerable in the United States

doing the school run, too? Why are they

And then, why are they relocating their

children if if they're so vulnerable?

Like, none of this it makes sense. It's

all a desperate ploy to try to get

government-funded security. And again,

the government had already decided

before Archie was born that he didn't

need it because he is constitutionally

irrelevant. And again, I think if titles

and places in line of succession are

stripped, then wouldn't you know it,

most of the security risk kind of sort

of goes away. But Harry and Meghan, I

think, by saying, "Well, we're going to

have our children's school remain

private. They're private citizens,

private this, private that." What

they're doing is actually generating a

curiosity economy. People are trying to

find the information because Harry and

Meghan are being so secretive and

clandestine about it. So, they're

generating more interest and buzz in the

school by keeping it secret and making a

whole thing out of it rather than just

going, "Oh, they're going here. It's

private. It's done. Like, let's not talk

about it." And don't forget as well,

there's a lot of rich kids in the United

Kingdom and none of them get

government-funded security and they are

all fine. So, Harry and Meghan here,

they're just totally disconnected from

reality and I think they're just

desperate for anybody else to cover

their security bill because I do not

think they can maintain their lifestyle,

maintain their security, maintain all of

their homes if they don't get at least

something covered and I think security

is the first thing they're looking to

try to get off their chest or off their

bank account.

>> Britney, do stand by because what we're

going to do is move over to Substack now

because of course there has been loads

of other breaking news over the weekend.

Meghan Markle has been spotted for the

first time in the Cotswolds.

And guess where she's decided to go? Oh,

yeah. Only David and Victoria Beckham's

favorite place and I am told Britney,

this is very much Meghan saying to the

Beckhams, "This is my territory now."

So, I'm going to get into that really

bizarre reporting. It's just like, grow

up. Grow up. Uh and there's lots more to

cover too that has emerged over the

weekend. So, we're going to do all of

that over on Substack as the Royal

Uncancelled aftershow continues with

Britney editor of the World News Oh,

yeah. By the way, they want to be back

in the Royal Rota, too. That's the other

thing. You couldn't make it up. And

there's a reason why I'm outside the

Royal Rota and I explain it to you every

day. That's why I would love you to join

me on Substack because it keeps me

totally independent outside of that

rota, outside of the mainstream media.

You can join us there at

www.outspoken.live

where the paid monthly and annual

subscribers do get first access to the

aftershow with no advertising

whatsoever. Thank you so much for your

company today.

Dan Wootton on Outspoken is your no

spin, no bias, no censorship outlet for

independent news. We have no big tech

backing or billionaires pulling my

strings, but that does mean I need your

support. So, please hit subscribe on

YouTube, turn on the notification bell,

and subscribe to Dan Wootton Outspoken

on Spotify or Apple Podcasts. It's

totally free, but allows me to continue

my promise to always keep fighting for

you.


