Harry and Megan are not going to remain
here quietly. They've come here with a
scheme in mind.
>> The cameras are out. It was only a
matter of time. Meghan Markle, the
British reality show is coming with
rumors in the Cotsworlds that a film
crew is already following
this reverse ferret freedom flight.
finding freedom part two as she even
plots to build a studio in her future
Cotswwell's home. Now I don't think any
of this is going to last for very long
given she will soon be back on a plane
to Monteito but Paula Frolock Uncensored
is bringing us the tea on this major
scoop today. So Paula, there have been
loads of rumors about this, but you have
lots of solid information. What are you
hearing?
>> I'm hearing that there's a reason that
she wants a a film studio in her home
and that a lot of people across the
industry are saying that she has
uh ideas, if you will, for documenting
her life. Now, you'll remember that she
ended up absconding with clothes from
photo shoots that she liked. And the
reason was it was for her uh legacy,
right? And it was so that she could just
preserve it. Uh and I think she's
thinking about preserving her memories
and her life for the future. Obviously,
she's thinking years down the road, if
not one year. And you and I both know,
Dan, that there is a project that
Netflix would like and it has to do with
the return or with Diana or fill in the
blank. They want something juicy and
this is the juicy project.
>> Indeed. And Paula, my understanding is a
lot of this filming is being done
themselves
because they knew that with the first
Netflix documentary, they were able to
go with this sort of hard drive full of
material. Here we are on the Freedom
Flight. Here we are behind the scenes.
>> And that was enough to keep them going
before the Netflix crews actually got
involved. I mean, this is arguably the
most famous and this was Harry filming
vertically on his mobile phone and we
know they did it with the engagement as
well. So I guess the reality is Paula
this was paused over the past couple of
years during shall we say the dark days
in Monteito with the marriage under
strain with the business collapsing but
all of a sudden there is a reason for
these how should we describe them
professional home videos to start being
made a plenty again. If you value the
whole truth and nothing but the truth on
these royal stories make sure you
subscribe to Outspoken right now. It
allows me to work outside of the MSM and
the Royal Roter.
>> Well, first of all, she has said that
she wants to do short form. You know, as
I love how she says things and it's as
if it's her idea when everyone else is
doing them, but she does want to
continue homemaking short form. But we
also saw how Earl Spencer said no
cameras at Alup and she didn't have a
camera. She had her phone, if you will.
It's really, [gasps]
it's one of those things. And the thing
about Hollywood is they like stuff shot
off your phone because it looks private
and it looks really personal and it
looks on the fly and it gives it
urgency. So, frankly, for those type of
documentaries, it is a good thing to
have better than a camera crew, if you
will, because now it just looks urgent.
and it looks more personal and we know
she likes to do these kind of things and
then sometimes say that Lily took the
videos but I don't understand how she
could. The problem is Paul is she is
already now running into some serious
opposition locally in the Cotsworlds
though my sources there tell me that the
concept of some type of reality show is
really freaking out the locals and
remember these are I mean we say locals
Pauler a lot of these people are highly
wealthy individuals quite private
individuals individuals who are used to
keeping the company of the queen uh of
former prime ministers of entrepreneurs,
business people, the Beckhams, Jeremy
Clarkson's of this world. I mean, the
these are people who aren't really into
the idea of celebrity and are now
nervous about the concept of Meghan
Markle turning the Cotswwells into a bit
of a circus. This is something that
really didn't help her right at the
start of her time in Monteita. Don't
even really know if she recovered from
it.
>> No, I mean, here's the deal, Jan. You do
have Victoria Beckham has done her own
docu series. Jeremy Clarkson has a show.
I think people are fine
>> with a show. The concept of reality
irks them. Now, there is one woman who
has been able to get away with it, and
that's Emma the March Sabbath. But the
reason why she was able to get away with
doing the ladies of London is because
she stayed 100% above the fray and
everyone also knew that she was doing it
to market her property which frankly can
exist only because of tourists. So
people understood that was part of her
business and she also did it very well
and she kept her cool. Now, is that
something that Megan would try to
emulate as she has tried to emulate Emma
before in the past? Possibly. So, we
will just have to wait and see. My My
feeling though is that of course in the
beginning, everyone is going to be like,
"Oo, who's going to be there?" Yes, I
would like to be there. And they will do
it as an oddity, kind of like an animal
in the zoo or, "Oh, I just want to know
what they're saying." But the issue is,
as people in Monosto found out, the
Sussex's don't bring much to the table.
You know, you've got to have you got to
sing for your supper in some way. You
either got to be good conversation, you
have to have a sense of humor, or you
have to have a reason why you're there.
And at first, it will be the title and
the drama. But once that fades away
after 6 to 12 months, what else is
there, Dan? Because to be fair,
she doesn't have a sense of humor. A lot
of people even 6 years after Monosto
were left with the feeling of who is
this woman and they were also annoyed
because they felt like both Harry and
Megan really only were kind and really
interested in people who could help
them.
>> Yeah. It's a bit of a social climber
thing.
>> Yeah, totally. And the only way that I
actually see a show like that working
would be if Megan Markle was prepared to
poke fun at herself. And we know that
given her narcissistic
personality traits. That is not
something she's ever prepared to do.
Like she's not going to be prepared to
do a Paris Hilton Nicole Richie sort of
simple life turning up in the
Cotswwells. Oh my god, how do I cope
with this terrible winter? The other
thing is I actually don't think she's
going to be spending enough time to
really make it work either, but only
time will tell on that. Now, uh Tom
Bower, who appeared with Tom Sykes
overnight, has agreed that Prince Harry
and Meghan Markle have returned to the
UK with a clear scheme in mind. And he
has made that revelation at the same
time as blaming all of this predicament
on King Charles. Watch.
>> But now he's faced with a huge problem.
And I feel it's very much King Charles's
fault. Uh allowing Harry to come back
with Megan for a purpose. We don't know
why they've come back. They haven't
explained it. We can imagine why. We'll
come on to that. But to let them come
back the way he has has in my view set
in train an inevitable crisis because
Harry and Megan are not going to remain
here quietly. They've come here with a
scheme in mind. They've come here with a
purpose to establish their own
self-importance at the expense naturally
of Prince William and his wife and I'm
afraid also of the monarchy. So I think
inevitably Charles has behaved weak.
He's he's avoided confrontation. He
should have told Harry that under no
circumstances
would he be readmitted to the royal
family. Under no circumstances would he
get protection or any of the perks that
he might expect as a uh uh in someone in
the line of succession, but he has done
the opposite.
>> So a lot to pick up there. Paula, do you
agree that there is an overall scheme? I
mean, from my point of view and in terms
of all of the reporting that I have done
on this, there is a scheme from Prince
Harry's side, but Megan's return is
really about desperation and that she
didn't have much of a choice.
>> I agree with you. The thing is, neither
of them had much of a choice. Harry
spent the last two years being bored,
lonely, and miserable. And Megan was
trying everything she could. And you
know, she has this unique ability. It's
almost almost admirable to just ignore
truth, facts, and numbers and to believe
the narrative in her own head. But I
think it finally caught up in the last
year. And you saw this in the last
couple months especially where literally
Hollywood and Monaceto turned their
back. and she's finally, I think it
finally finally sunk in that they both
need to get the royal sheen back. And
so, of course, they needed to come back.
Harry wanted to come back to basically
save his mental soul, although I don't
know if that can happen, but Megan had
to come back because she needs people to
see that she's royal or royal adjacent
again. And also she thinks, "Oh, fresh
start. We can do this." And she thinks
she has learned lessons and that she can
reapply them over in England. The issue
is that her memory may not be that long,
but the UK's memory is pretty long. And
people remember again how you made them
feel
>> and she didn't make them feel great.
>> No. And her demands are still crazy.
Paula Allison Boschoff of the Daily Mail
has been looking more into what she
describes as finding freedom too. And it
does show that actually there has been
no downgrading in Megan's reality.
Remember the first time she was here,
she was so unhappy about the cottage at
Kensington Palace because oh, it just
wasn't up to her standards. And I'm
going to have to bring Oprah in to show
how this prime piece of real estate is
just horrible. just horrible. Just
awful. You know, right by High Street,
Kensington. It's awful.
>> I was so upset for her.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Uh but it sounds like her demands uh for
this move, even though she's not going
to be here for that much as the physical
separation between Prince Harry and
Megan begins is still incredibly high.
So Allison Boschov's source has told her
they will have to sell in Monteito. Now
that US-based source said that upon
being shown the details of the house
which the couple are keen on in the
Cotsworlds after closer inspection of
its vast lands and being told the price
tag they said what that's not possible.
Friends insist, however, that they are
keeping their 11.1 million Monteito
mansion and plan to spend school
holidays there or at their£6.3 million
holiday house in Portugal. Christmas
meanwhile will be in California as well.
As for their new home in the Cotsworlds,
I am told that Megan wants nine bedrooms
and a film studio and Prince Harry wants
a lot, and I mean a lot of land and no
footpaths going across it to protect
their privacy. Friends say that they are
both allin on the British dream. This is
something which will strike those who
remember their passion for a new life in
California as deeply ironic. Indeed,
both are set on what I'm told is finding
freedom too, a reference to the
biography Finding Freedom that offered
an insight into the couple's decision to
leave the royal family for a fresh start
in America and the dream of a new life
in a new country on new terms. And then
she comes to what they want for the
children. And this is interesting to me
because I think they're hiding behind
the children if I'm honest. I think
Megan wanted the children to be educated
in the USA. and Harry is hiding behind a
British education which he was not
really that bothered about for himself
as a way to justify the move. But
anyway, the friend agrees actually that
it's not academia that is very low on
the list. A nurturing atmosphere is very
high on the list. Probably the highest
priority is the outdoorsy and sporting
ethos. They want to put them in a secure
countryside microcosm so they will have
as a have as normal a childhood as they
possibly can. Harry, I think, is
thinking back to his time at L Grove
Press School that was two and a half
miles down a dirt track with fields on
either side. There was a small police
box on the track and a rather vanilla
bodyguard who would peer out of a window
while Harry played in the yard. The
fellow pupils treated him and his
brother, Prince William, as absolutely
one of their own. I think you would
argue that those Lro years were the
happiest of his life until, of course,
the death of his mother in 1997 before
his final year. Being at Lro was a
solace to him in sad times. That is what
they are looking for in a school, that
sense of community where the first 15
chair the first year squad and vice
versa. Of course, Megan knows a very
limited amount about rugby and Harry is
a huge rugby fan. She knows even less
about cricket. This will be a culture
shock again for Megan. Friend says at
this time Megan is kind of shocked that
they have school on a Saturday. Other
than she that she is looking forward to
it, they both believe in this as the
best decision for the family. Now again,
I just don't buy any of this because
they have a very outdoorsy lifestyle in
California actually. And trust me, if
you really want to play rugby or cricket
in California, you can. Uh Boschov goes
on to say, "So what comes next for them
work-wise? crucially says the friend
there will be and and I'm going to hold
them to this okay cuz I don't think this
will stand but they say there will be no
commercial activities in the UK for
either of them during the years ahead.
The idea is that this will allow allow
them to abide in some way by the deal
agreed with the late queen at the
Sandrinum summit. An agreement that they
would be free to make as much money as
they could just as long as they no
longer presented themselves as working
members of the royal family. Some will
see this as a threadbear fiction,
perhaps even an insult. The fact is that
Harry is still royal and he will carry
on working. Some of those engagements
will look exactly like royal
engagements. His father, the king,
appears to be uh adopting an ostrich
approach where he ignores the way it
looks and it is briefed that Harry's
life is nothing to do with him and he
knows nothing of his plans. Not everyone
is convinced that this can be true. And
then in terms of what Paula has been
reporting, Boschoff source this week
said that they believe Megan won't be
able to resist building a film studio at
their new home when they buy it and will
end up creating homemaking content in
the UK because that is the heart of who
she is. It seems a delicate line that
they are going to try and be in the UK
as private citizens and save their
celebrity for America. Indeed, the idea
of geocaching of the Sussex brand may
provoke hollow laughter among their many
critics. Yep, me who deplore the way
that they trashed Harry's family and his
country in spare on Oprah and on Netflix
in their worldwide privacy tour is
famously mocked by the US satirical show
South Park and then tried to claim to be
private. Friends insist they don't want
to return to the royal family.
apparently one of the biggest
misconceptions about the apparently
whirlwind move back to the UK which has
had the world a go and then it gets
particularly interesting because
Boschoff is able to prove that Harry
really really doesn't want to go back to
America. So that's why I do believe this
is a physical separation because when
you think about it Megan's business is
not going to be here it's going to be in
California. Harry Boschov has learned he
doesn't want to go back for any serious
length of time. If there's a bit of
money, it's going to be a quick quick
journey. She writes this. He will from
time to time have to get back to the
States. Have to. He doesn't want to, but
believes the trip is very doable for a
day or two. Sources believe that the
companies that want him to work for them
will pay for his transatlantic travel by
private jet. How good for travelers, the
eco tourism company. Mostly, he will be
a full-time dad, which is how he sees
himself. Appal says he is lucky enough
to be able to earn really good money in
a short time, which he will carry on
doing, but he will be at home most of
the time and he wants to be very
hands-on with the children. That is the
whole point of the move. Megan will come
and go, working on her jam, wine, and
sprinkles business as ever and trying to
get a green light from Netflix for one
of our actual productions many
development projects. Some are skeptical
about the prospects for either business,
and one source predicts it's all going
to close. They will just peacemeal it
out. speaking to a wellplaced friend.
The return is long-term. The idea that
Harry will be based in the UK during
turn times until the children have
completed their schooling, which means
another 15 years or so, that's no
surprise to one associate who says he
had no life in California, no friends.
There was no common ground with anyone.
So Paula, a huge amount of fascinating
detail there in terms of binding freedom
mark 2, but for me the most interesting
is that Harry believes he will only have
to return to the United States of
America for these events where he's paid
a speaking fee of say 90,000 to $150,000
depending on which quote you believe for
a couple of days and they'll have to pay
for the private jet too. So, this is
Harry's friends making it very, very
clear he is detaching from the US
permanently. Yet, at the same time, Paul
is saying, "Oh, but Megan's not allowed
to work here. She's not allowed to
work." I mean, come on. It is literally
the definition of a physical separation.
But first, we've partnered with Gundry
MD to share this information with you.
Would you believe me if I told you
inside your pantry right now is one of
the healthiest foods on the planet? Yep,
it's true. And it's not some weird
trendy superfood. Spoiler alert, it's
olive oil. You're probably used to
cooking with it, but there are countless
ways to use olive oil to help yourself
look and feel younger. For example,
olive oil is a natural way to help you
achieve a more youthful appearance.
Besides helping you look younger on the
outside, it's a fantastic tool for your
insides as well. According to Dr. Steven
Gundry, a famous cardiothoracic surgeon,
nutrition expert, and health advocate.
You should get as much highquality olive
oil into your daily routine as possible,
whether it's taking a shot of it daily
or keeping a bottle of it in your
bathroom medicine cabinet. But what kind
of olive oil is best for your health?
Well, any olive oil can give you some
benefits, but if you're looking to get
the best results, it matters a lot which
one you pick. The olive oil industry is
huge, right? You can tell that by the
number of olive oil brands you see at
the grocery store. And you can bet
they're not all made with the consumer
in mind. Many brands may even cut
corners one way or another to increase
profits. When Dr. Gundry came to that
realization, he was appalled. But some
olive oils are so powerful, it may only
take a few tablespoons a week to see
these incredible health benefits. So,
how can you tell between an olive oil
that can be a health booster and which
one isn't up to par? In an effort to
answer that question, Dr. Gundry has
decided to take a stand and release his
personal research and findings. The
video has gone viral since its release,
and it's important you see it so you can
start benefiting immediately. You can
watch the video right now by going to
getolive1.com/outspoken
or by clicking the link in the
description box below. That's get
olive.com/outspoken
or just click on the link in the
description box below. People who have
taken his advice have shared their
results with him, saying the olive oil
they bought after learning his simple
rules have helped change their lives.
So, make sure you go to get olive
one.com/outspoken
or click on the link in the description
box below this video. But now, back to
the show. Well, here's the deal, Dan. In
their mind, they can probably film
content in England for a US streamer. So
that is how they will likely
deal with it and say, "No, no, we're not
making money.
>> We're doing projects for people in the
States." You know, they, as we know,
Harry likes to parse words.
>> I am a royal and I am working.
Therefore, I am a working royal. Who
could ever forget that People magazine
headline? But of course, Harry doesn't
want to come back again. He was
miserable.
He's not really going to come back for
anything, but perhaps speeches if anyone
wants to hire him again or I think he is
still involved in BetterUp, the mental
health uh company, and I use that term
very loosely. Or for things like
Christmas. I mean to be fair, who
doesn't when it's disgusting out and
rainy and cold and damp in England want
a nice little break in Monaceto where
it's warm and sunny and dry. So yes,
that is likely what he will be doing. As
for Megan,
I think the first big rain in the
Cotswwells is going to have her running
screaming. I mean, look at what happened
to our good friend Ellen and Porsche,
right? Ellen and Porsche moved to the
Cotswwells because of Trump. They just
hated Trump so much and were so scared
they bought a huge place in the
Cotswwells and the first huge rain their
farm flooded and they are now back in
Monaceto.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely.
>> And as for the Well, and as for their
private jet, the Sussexes are very
Yorklike, aren't they? and their ability
to get billionaires and very wealthy
people who just want to be around
somebody with a title to open up their
wallets and help them with their
generosity of jets. So, God bless. As we
saw with the York family though, it
didn't really end well, did it?
>> Well, no. And Pauler, I've got to ask
you about that because of course we saw
this major stunt in Congress in
Washington DC. Uh this is the
Congressman Thomas Massie
naming Andrew Mountbatten Windsor and
saying, and we do have to remember here,
he has full what we would call in the UK
parliamentary privilege, but effectively
he has full right to say whatever he
wants. He is protected. cannot be sued
for saying this is my belief because
it's in Congress but still saying that
Andrew Mountbat and Windsor committed
sex crimes with sort of no caveat Paula
watch this
and Prince Andrew who committed sex
crimes in the United States too and
women like Leslie Grath not a victim who
conspired with Epstein to other women.
We want perpetrators of these crimes to
be investigated and prosecuted. Men like
Jess Staley, Leon Black, Les Wexner,
David Copperfield, Lapo Elcom, Tom
Pritsker, Glenn Dubin, Frederick Fakai,
Eduardo Teodorani,
John Luke Brunell, conveniently dead by
suicide in prison. Danielle Sedd
recently discovered dead in Paris.
Ramsay Elkoli and Prince Andrew who
committed sex crimes in the United
States, too. and women like Leslie
Grath, not a victim, who conspired with
Epstein to traffic other women. Perhaps
hearing these names will shame the
Department of Justice into delivering
justice. I yield back.
>> Paula, does this mean anything? Was it a
stunt? Uh, explain what's going on here.
>> Okay, first of all, I have great love
for Thomas Massie. He is from Kentucky,
uh, the state that I graduated high
school from. And
>> is he a good guy?
>> Yes, he is a good guy. And he is one of
the lone voices in Congress keeping the
Epstein affair alive. A lot of people
just want to brush it under the rug and
he is not allowing that. So he lost.
>> He's a Republican, Paulo.
>> He is a Republican. He will not be
running in the next election. But while
he's there, he has been fighting for the
victims of Epstein, and he is really the
only one. Now, will this make a
difference to Andrew? Absolutely not. I
reported years ago that he will never
come back to the United States. No
interest. He will keep doing what he's
doing, which is surreptitious trips to
the Middle East and Europe and whatnot.
However, he's not coming back to the
United States and this means nothing for
him, unfortunately.
But, you know, we'll have to see what
the UK government does. To be fair, the
UK has done more than the USA when it
comes to Epstein. The UK did arrest
Andrew. Now, whether that will come to
anything, we shall have to see. I have
very low hopes for that, but it's for
this. It was more of an embarrassing
moment for Andrew and for the king who
really at this point is just like, "Gh,
won't this just go away?"
>> Next. Exactly. And I mean,
>> yeah, the police investigation is
ongoing, Paula, but the latest that we
hear is that the police forces in the UK
are seemingly blaming the American
authorities for not handing over enough
information, certainly in regards to the
Peter Mandolson situation anyway. Uh,
and so it's almost like, are they laying
the groundwork to almost blame America?
Do you see what I mean? To be able to
say, well, look, we couldn't get the
documentation that we required from
America, from the FBI, so we just
couldn't go ahead. Uh, that maybe is
where it's at. But in reality, with
these UK police investigations, Paul,
they are very slow moving and they are
shrouded in secrecy. we get far far less
information from the police on an
ongoing basis because I mean it's crazy
for Americans to understand this but
it's basically illegal for um well it is
illegal for for any sort of uh authority
to even speak to to to the media off the
record during a police investigation
like this. Um but look Paula really
interesting actually I mean is this like
the gruesome tusome no one wanted? Is it
really true? Fergie and Megan Markle
teaming up, joining forces against the
palace. Shock new reporting on this.
Paula and I are going to get into all of
the details over on my Substack. You can
join us there at www.outspoken.live.
Uh, you know, I'm totally independent
outside of the mainstream media, but I
do rely on my paid Substack subscribers
who are like my investors and the only
people I work for actually. So, you can
join us there at www.outsspoken.live
and get full access to the Royal
Uncensored after show with no
advertising whatsoever Monday to Friday.
Dan Wilson outspoken is your no spin, no
buyers, no censorship outlet for
independent news. We have no big tech
backing or billionaires pulling my
strings, [music] but that does mean I
need your support. So, please hit
subscribe on YouTube, turn on the
notification bell, and subscribe to Dan
Outspoken on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.
It's totally free, but allows me to
continue my promise to always keep
fighting for you.