What are they doing back here? It's time
for the king to let us know what his
involvement with Harry coming back is,
what Harry's future role is going to be.
This is the job of the monarch to unify
the nation. It's not to lobby for
special preference for individuals.
>> There is a reason why Megan [music]
wants nine bedrooms. She wants a film
production studio in the house. But you
are hearing that Megan is actively
looking to start creating new filmed
content.
>> I am hearing that there is an active
project. [music] There's a buzz about a
return to the UK series and that is
getting louder and is coming from all
parts of the industry.
Well, hello everybody and welcome to
today's episode of The Royalist. I'm Tom
Sykes and I'm here to bring you all the
royal gossip, scoops, and scandal you
can handle. And my goodness, what a week
it has been for royal news. It's who
said nothing ever happens in August.
We've got a fantastic show for you
today. Digging into this huge,
extraordinary story that has been
blowing up all our news feeds, Harry and
Megan's return. We've got not one but
two fabulous guests lined up. One
calling in from across the Atlantic and
one from a certain corner of the English
countryside. And it's going to be a
fantastic discussion, I can promise you.
Thank you so much. Above all though, of
course, to you guys for being here.
Thank you as as ever to Alexandra for
doing the door. Thank you to everybody
for the comments, the messages, the
shares, the hypes, the support, not just
today, but in the podcast all week,
every day. We've been doing so much. And
all made possible by you guys giving us
your time and your attention. Right,
without further ado, it's time for the
royal rundown. First, the royal news
update. Harry still doesn't have
taxpayer funded protection, but it looks
like the king wants to give it to him.
I'll give you my verdict. Secondly, tea
with Tom. Chewing over Harry's return to
Britain with my old friend Paula Frolic
and her amazing scoop about what Megan
could be a filming. And third, our royal
insider. Well, I'm delighted to say that
my sister Plum Sykes, the author of
Wives Like Us and our absolute expert on
all things Cotswwells, has been out and
about gathering us all the hot gossip of
how the couple are being received in
their new corner of England. Has anyone
seen them? What's the vibe? We will find
out. Right, without further ado, let's
get into our royal news update.
>> [music]
>> The big story this weekend, in fact,
this week, in fact, this year um is all
about Harry's security, isn't it? It
It's such a fraugh issue for both sides
on this debate. It's it's a fraud issue
for the people of the United Kingdom who
are not exactly flush with cash at the
moment. The state is not exactly flush
with cash. the police seems to be very
disorganized and there's a terrible
crime and criminal gangs running riot
all over the country and here's this guy
who wants armed security, you know, five
or six cops guarding him and his family
round the clock. And people are saying,
"Well, hang on a second. You know, we we
we understood when you were a member of
the Working Royal family that that that
was a reasonable request, but you've
gone off. You said you didn't want to be
a part of them. you wanted to make your
own money and then you wrote in your
book that you had personally killed 25
members of the Taliban. So it seems a
little uh perverse to now be saying that
you think you're at risk of a terrorist
attack. Well, all of that of course is
true. And what Harry's side say in
response is they say it's very simple.
He was born into this risk. He didn't
ask it and it's immoral that he's not
kept safe. So they came up with this uh
compromised solution where he had to
give 28 days notice when he was coming
back to the UK. He was given liaison
number of a officer at Scotland Yard who
would be a personal contact for him.
This has never been satisfactory for
Harry. He's objected to it. He's
complained about it. He's taken the
government to court. He's lost. He's
been thrashed. Um he's had the result
handed to him on a plate over and over
again. The reality is is that the king's
office has briefed for for years that
that they are aligned with the
government's decision. Um well, a source
familiar with the situation uh put it
like this to the Telegraph. Obviously,
the king is in an impossible position.
He cannot intervene or be seen to apply
pressure in a way that would be
construed as constitutionally
overstepping. But one would imagine he
is as concerned as anyone that his son
and in particular his grandchildren are
not receiving any form of police
protection despite being fifth, sixth,
and seventh in line to the throne, the
situation is untenable. Well, if you
want evidence that the establishment
uh aided and embedded and encouraged by
the king are behind the return of Prince
Harry to the United Kingdom, are rolling
out the red carpet for him. I think that
that quote there provides it for you.
So, we learn from that quote, don't we?
That the king it wants Harry to get this
police protection back. Well, I have to
tell you folks, if you're working for
the Metropolitan Police and you defy the
will of the king, I think you can, you
know, kiss goodbye to the OBBE for
starters. Um,
this all leads on to a larger point that
the king has said absolutely nothing
about what has been going on over the
past week, 10 days, however long it is
now since Harry touched down. Uh there's
been a sense of rudderlessness. Uh this
is a really really serious situation. It
imagine if Edward VII and Wallace
Simpson had landed back in the UK and
said screw you all guys. We we're going
to live here. We are entitled to live
here. It's it's intolerable I think for
most people that this has happened. And
I think it's intolerable that there's no
guidance from the king's office that the
king is just hiding up in Scotland.
Well, he should be back this week, we
expect, but so far he's just been hiding
up in Scotland, going to shoot lunches,
just carrying on like everything was
normal. It's shockingly reminiscent of
this same time of year 29 years ago when
Princess Diana died. And of course,
where were the royal family then? Hiding
up in Balmoral. I was speaking to a
source uh last week who said to me that
you know they were completely
unsurprised the the king as they put it
was hiding amongst the heather um you
know eating lemon posit was how how they
this source put it to me an extremely
experienced uh former courtier I hasten
to add um someone uh you know who's
observed this family and uh this man the
king at close quarters
And I think that people are astonished
and horrified that there's been
absolutely no leadership from the top.
That we don't know what Harry's position
is. We don't know what the settlement
is. We don't know what he's doing here.
Nobody seems to know anything about what
this man and his wife who said that they
absolutely hated the United Kingdom that
they loathed it. That the institution at
the top of it that we revere was racist
and cruel and heartless and did
everything it could to work against them
and militate against them and hold them
back. Well,
what are they doing back here then? What
are they doing back here? And that is
the question that nobody seems to be
able to well we we can come up with our
own answers but the point is we need
some answers from the top about what is
happening. It is time for the king to
speak to us. It is time for the king to
let us know what is happening. It is
time for the king to let us know what
his involvement with Harry coming back
is. What Harry's future role is going to
be. what the children's future roles are
going to be, what the situation is. This
is the job of the monarch. The job of
the monarch in this country is to unify
the nation. It is to bring the nation
together. It's not to lobby for special
preference for individuals. We've seen
another really alarming incident of this
over the past few days reported by
Gabriel Pogrand, the incredible
investigative journalist of the Sunday
Times, who I'm happy to say is going to
be joining us next week for the
Royalist, has an extraordinary report
about how the Queen's sister has been
basically
very irregularly I I will say that I
won't use the word corrupt. We'll we'll
get Gabrielle on next week as I say to
talk about it. how the queen's sister
has very irregularly been being paid
large amounts of money by the king's
foundation which the king is not
supposed to be controlling. Right? The
king is not supposed to be using it as a
personal favor bank, a personal piggy
bank to reward his wife's relatives and
his wife's sister. And I just think if
you look at Charles throughout, you
know, throughout the whole career of
Charles, it's it's this acting with
impunity, whether it's the money shoved
into the carrier bags, you know, in in
used 500 uh euro notes. Also, I hasten
to add, um, first reported by Gabriel
Pog Pogrand, the editor of the Insight
on the Sunday Times. So, really looking
forward to talking to him about all this
next week. Um, you know, and and and you
can draw a line, can't you? You could
draw a line between the absolute
impunity with which Charles behaved as
Prince of Wales with all of his
fundraising bashes, all of his
payto-play,
all of his money making that he just
went ahead and did without any concern
for the noises or the consideration or
precedent or anything like that. Much to
his mother's horror, I hasten to add.
And you can draw a line all the way
through to what we are seeing today,
which is this absolutely
laughable attempt really to pretend that
he has nothing to do with Harry coming
back at all, that Harry is a completely
private individual, that this is
entirely his own decision. I mean, it's
an absolute joke. I've been reporting on
the Daily Beast uh where I'm the
European editor at large this week that
you know friends of the king telling me
that Charles had in encouraged uh Harry
to come home. He does want him to come
home and that his reason is that he
believes that ultimately this is a good
thing for the unity of the family and
for the message that the family is a
united whole etc etc etc. Well, I have
to say, your majesty, the the people of
the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth
of which you you know and and the
territories of which you are head of
state profoundly disagree with you. They
profoundly profoundly disagree with you.
And they do not think that a man who
devoted many many years of his life to
trying to tear down, ruin, and destroy
the reputation of the royal family and
individuals within it should be allowed
anywhere near the monarchy. And they do
not think that you should be enabling
it. And they do not think that you
should be providing multi-million pounds
of security to enable him to swan around
the country doing whatever the heck he
likes. Right now it's time for tea with
Tom.
[music]
I can't think of anybody I'd rather have
a cup of steaming hot rosy Lee with than
my old mucker Paula Frolic. Paula, how
are you?
>> Well, I haven't been called an old
mocker since well, never, but thank you.
[laughter]
I will take it and I love you and I'm
happy to be here, baby.
>> Paul Charlotte Griffith reported in the
mail on Sunday at the weekend that Harry
back in Britain is completely
unrepentant. He's in no mood for apology
and he's spitting blood. Um, I have to
say, uh, Harry's team have denied some
of the claims made in Charlotte's story.
particularly they say that Ian Waist is
not bankrolling uh the couple. They say
that Harry will not be going to the
Diana Awards and they generally uh claim
that Charlotte Griffith is full of uh
complete hot air. But of course, anybody
who's been following this story will
know that they they might have a sort of
um reason for disliking Charlotte
Griffith as she appears to have cost
Harry 35 million quid in the mail on
Sunday. Well, that and there's a huge
effort on his team to discredit her
because she is also of the white pill
story that many women including myself
were absolutely
revolted and disgusted with pillgate.
So, anything Charlotte does right now,
they are going to come full guns at her.
And
God bless, but I tend to believe her
because she is one of those rare beings
that can travel in those crowds and
still report on those crowds. And she
knows what she's talking about.
You're absolutely right that there there
is a uh I would say doomed effort to try
and discredit Charlotte Griffith's uh
her reporting was extraordinary that
that Harry had essentially put an
unidentified pill into her mouth about
15 years ago and I hasten to add that
Charlotte kept Harry's secrets for 15
years and you know despite working at
the mail on Sunday where the pressure to
write about that kind and stuff. I mean,
I can't even tell you what it's like to
resist that kind of pressure for 15
years. I mean, you will know, Paul,
obviously, but I'm talking about our
audience, but um she resisted it for 15
years until he very very unwisely
drowned her into the the witness box and
called her a fantasist on a lunatic. Um
but but there we are. Um this story that
she published this Sunday, uh saying
that that you know, Harry was furious
basically and still wanted an apology. I
mean it does tally closely with what I
with what Harry himself has said let
alone what I've been told but with what
Harry himself has said as recently as
last year when he said he you know
regret real I'm not going to apologize
for anything this is why I left the
institution to be able to speak my mind
I stand by every word that that I said
but Paula how doesn't completely
unrepentant
Harry kind of land with with with the
audience, you know, as he's trying to
return to the United Kingdom.
>> Oh, I don't think it's going to land
well at all because at this point,
especially in the UK, they feel the
public is owed an apology. But, you
know, as I wrote right after Highrove,
no apologies offered, no apologies
given. They're just moving past that. He
and King Charles when they meet. So,
Harry showed up, didn't give an apology.
The king and Camila showed up. No
apology. They had tea. They looked at
the kids. They went their separate ways.
But of course, Harry still thinks this.
I mean, his entire identity now is one
of anger and vengeance. And even when
he's proven wrong and even when he's
proven to be I don't know what's the
word liar or untruthful or once again
his recollections have varied
that's he still will not back down. He
can't back down. His entire ego is built
around this. for him to back down now.
It would be a personal humiliation.
But surely it would be strategically the
smarter thing to do because you can't
realistically expect to come and live
amongst these people in the United
Kingdom uh without making peace with
them. And it's, you know, I remember him
lecturing us about the peace and
reconciliation of the native peoples of
Canada and saying how inspired he'd been
by them. Well, I mean, isn't the first
step to getting anywhere in in in these
peace and reconciliation commissions
that both sides, despite admitting that
they're not particularly happy, have to
admit that maybe they didn't act with,
you know, absolutely perfectly at the
time and that things could have been
done better on both sides. I mean, if he
isn't here to apologize and make peace,
Paula, what is he doing here? uh making
money and saving his skin and saving the
only job he has left in Victus. Period.
But also, you're looking at a guy I
mean, I'm just starting to call him
double down Harry at this point. You
can't not
Yes, you are absolutely right. If he was
going to do it the proper way, but he's
never done things the proper way because
he's a spoiled little prince who's
stamping his feet. And frankly, as we
are now seeing,
uh, we can see how he always got his way
and was always protected from the public
in many ways. Not just physically, but
the public was protected from who Harry
was and is. He's the kind of guy, I
mean, isn't the entire thing a failure?
Isn't that the failure flight coming
back from the freedom flight?
It's he doesn't see it that way because
he never will see it that way, Tom. In
his mind, it's right. This is what I've
always wanted. The other reason, of
course, that he's come back now is
because we are now in the runup to
Diana's death, right? We are in the
one-year runup to the 30th anniversary
of Diana's death. I mean, everything is
starting now. We've seen already old
Spencer getting a jump on everybody,
bringing out his book, Swan Song pretty
soon. Um, the Diana Award has a huge
program of events planned. I mean, I I
find it slightly mystifying that
apparently neither Harry nor William are
going to be at the uh official Diana
Award dinner at the old war office. I
mean, utterly utterly bizarre. Um but of
course you know the fact that these uh
two have allowed their own personal
feuding to get in the way of that award
is well documented when we saw them um
you know having to arrive at different
times even digitally because they just
couldn't bear to even digitally be in
the same room. But there seems little
doubt to me Paula that fundamentally
this is a big runup to this is about
claiming Diana's mantle. It's about
saying I am Diana's true son. Don't you
think
>> it is? But here's the other problem,
Tom. You have one son
saying it, and one son doing it. William
is showing, not telling. Harry is
telling, and
he's trying to show, but it's not doing
very well. Look at all of his endeavors.
And also, as we know, Harry doesn't
really like hard work. So, William has
put in the work. And I find it
interesting that upon him moving back,
it was let out that Harry would be doing
hard work every day for Invictus. And I
was laughing saying, well, maybe someone
heard the uh heard the criticism, but
does he know what that entails? And
they're also they're coming back for
money and reputation. Frankly, as I've
written, they were run out of town in LA
and Monaceto. They were seen as grifters
and they need to be seen as royal again,
but right now they're just a lot of
people are putting their actions and
their behavior in the same league as a
Fergie who just so happens to be moving
back. I think it's hilarious that the
URSTW royal redheads are running
renegade over that land right now. But
God bless. The thing is I have also
heard and this has come out in my
Substack today that there is a reason
why Megan wants nine bedrooms which to
be fair is small for a Cotsweld summer
estate grand house but it's large for a
family of four. But she also wants a
film production studio in the house
because I am and I have been saying it
for a while. The buzz about a Diana doc
and now there's a buzz about a return to
the UK
series if you will and that is getting
louder and is coming from all parts of
the industry. That's fascinating Paula.
So you are hearing from your sources in
Hollywood that Megan is actively looking
to start creating new filmed content of
what exact type? We we perhaps don't
exactly know yet, but she is filming
something. And that's why this
requirement for a film studio in the
house.
>> That is exactly what I'm hearing. And it
is
kind of nuts. You know, that's it's
like,
you know, Finding Freedom, The Return,
or Harry and Megan Part D, or The New
Life. You know, there's so many great
titles we could come up with, but again,
they need to make money. Again, they
still have a first look deal with
Netflix and that is a project Netflix
would be interested in.
And it's going to be very interesting
because without a project like that,
there is nothing. You and I both know
this. Nobody really wants a book unless
it's a massive tell all. And Harry can't
write another tell- all period. Megan
could, but perhaps not as part of the
family. And that insinuates that the
marriage would be over. And I know
people are chitty chatting about that
and we'll just move on. But nobody wants
another podcast.
Nobody wants another bad idea where they
sink millions in for a very earnest
2020esque production. And what they
really want is the return. So are we
going to get it? I'm hearing that
there is an active project,
>> but your understanding is is that this
is more like a uh traditional legacy
media style project as opposed to her
setting up a studio in her house and
doing her, you know, those famous
twominute cooking bits that we were
being told about. Like your
understanding is that she's still
looking for the big bucks, mega payoff,
the big glossy glitzy blah blah blah.
>> They need the big bucks.
And maybe she can incorporate the
cooking. I mean, what she didn't do last
time, which if she's really going to
double down on this as ever nonsense or
the family bloggy nonsense is really do
what Emma Thin did for Ladies of London
where EMTT then invited the ladies out.
This is what I do for a living. I
created a perfect table landscape. I
cooked this. I did this. And then show
them around the grounds. So that would
be a smarter use of her time rather than
sitting around complaining 24/7.
>> There must be something Paula about this
woman who, you know, pulled this man out
of his destiny. There must be something
about her. And Tina Brown has always
made this point that the best show that
Megan could possibly do would be, you
know, a real insight into what she's
really like. her screaming at the staff,
"Somebody get me a decent project." Her,
you know, all that kind of stuff. I
mean, my goodness, I would definitely
watch that every week, all day, every
day. The problem is a I'm not sure she
knows who she is, so we'd be seeing
several character changes throughout the
day, which she definitely doesn't want.
Nobody gets to peek behind the curtain.
Um, and also the problem is she doesn't
know who she is behind the curtain.
That's another one of the gripes that I
was hearing a couple weeks ago and I
wrote about was a friend of mine who was
at the Martha Stewart party basically
said, "I mean, who is she? She's just
different people to everyone else or to
anyone." And you know, she doesn't know
who she is, but she knows what she wants
to project, period. And she also has no
sense of humor about herself whatsoever.
I mean, that's another issue that she's
going to have moving back to England. I,
you know, I do believe when they get
their house settled or whatnot, yes,
they will be invited to places as long
as William has said he's not going to
go. They he will always be the spare
invite. Now, however, the problem is
she's going to be the curiosity and the
oddity, and we know she can't keep that
up for very long. And we also know from
Monteceto, she's really only friends
with people she thinks can advance her.
So, she's probably going to offend a few
people, including the ones who can
advance her because most people don't
come out, especially in England, and
say, "Hello,
I own this, this, and this, and I can
advancing use,
at least not that I'm aware of."
>> I want to go back to a word that you
used earlier, Paula, because I think
it's really relevant to this debate, and
it's about projection. you you said it's
all about they want to project the image
of themselves. If you look at that
arrival into Birmingham, you know, this
massive private jet when they could
quite easily have got a first class
flight in into London, the cavalcade of
blacked out Range Rovers whisking them
away from from from the plane. I mean,
to me, it looked incredibly like them
trying to say, "We're not broke. We're
arriving back in triumph. all your
stupid British royal family, your musty
churches and your easy jet flights to
Abedine. You know, we haven't got time.
We have ridden the buccaneer wave of
private commerce and we've made our
millions and you're all wrong about us.
I mean, don't you think that there was
there's a real effort to stage manage
every every aspect of that arrival to
try and say we are rich and we are
successful and we've made it and how
convincing or unconvincing did you find
it? I just found it tacky to be fair on
the same on the same day or the day
after that they arrived by private jet
once again proving themselves ego
hypocrites and with the cavalcade of
cars
you had William Katherine and the
children fly commercial back from
Scotland.
So once again this is showing
saying
and there's a dissonance in between they
keep proclaiming things whereas William
and Catherine show class
whereas they are worried about look at
us we are rich and we are royal and we
are above everything but again that is
not what the royal family is about in
England. Yes, they are above the fray,
but they are not above the people at
whose leisure they serve. Paula Frolic
has been wonderful to have you. Will you
just remind everybody said I don't get
it wrong all the different places that
they can find you because Paula is a big
star. I don't know if you know that, but
we're very lucky to have her and we're
privileged to have you every week.
Paula, thanks for always coming on. Uh
tell us tell the people where they can
find you. Okay,
Monday through Thursday I do the daily
dose of BS on my own YouTube channel,
Polarif Frolic Uncensored,
and I also do some bonus ones on the
weekend. Then I'm also on NewsNation
Tuesday and Thursday at 12:30 p.m. EST
with fabulous shows that almost always
include my Tommy
and Substack Polifolic Uncensored where
I do break news about who is Ian Waist
or
all the other things about Harry and
Megan that just haven't come out yet
including
the film crew.
Paula, thank you so much for joining us
on the Royal List.
>> Thank you, Tom. Love you. Bye.
>> And now it's the moment you've all been
waiting for, our Royal Insider.
This week I am so thrilled to tell you
that we have none other than the one,
the only, the queen of the Cotswwells,
the New York Times best-selling
novelist, the original Vogueette, and my
sister Plum
Sykes. Plum, welcome to the Royalist.
>> Thanks, Tommy. That was a bit over the
top, but I appreciate all the love
always.
>> Okay, I just want to ask you one thing.
What does everybody in the CWorld
actually make of their alleged new
neighbors?
>> Well, what I've heard, Tom, is that the
parents at Kitebrook School, which is
one of the schools that's on the list
that the children could be doing, could
be going to are what's called pretend
annoyed, which is a bit like a version
of Humble Bragging, but the annoyed
version. So secretly they're absolutely
thrilled and completely overexited if
Megan shows up at the school with her
children on the 8th of September. But
publicly, you know, posh English people
have to be extremely annoyed about the
idea of paparazzi
uh celebrity or anything interrupting
their days. Uh, having said that, you
know, they're all they're all
pretendoid, but the WhatsApp groups have
been lighting up like, you know, LA on
Oscars night with the amount of gossip
about where Harry and Megan might be
living, where the children might be
going to school, are they renting, are
they buying, is it an 8 million pound
house, is it a 12 million pound house,
are they? Are they in the notworlds or
are they in the Cotswwells? And Tom, do
you know what the Knotssworlds are?
Well, I do, but I think our viewers
don't. So, will you please in your
inimitable style as the author of the
great Cotsworlds classic, the the the
Great Gatsby of the Cotswwells, which is
called Wives Like Us, um which is a
fantastic story about an American woman
showing up in the Cotsworlds. Um Plum,
what are the notworlds? So the
Cotsworlds Tom and for our viewers in
America particularly by the way someone
called Bunny who's very excited about
watching us today and also Lucy Fenick
who's in England very excited to watch
us today. The Cotswwells is a huge area.
It's a great big limestone escarment
that stretches from kind of uh east of
Oxford Tame all the way to Bath and into
some parts of Northamptonshire
crucially. Okay, that's the fringes of
it. The heart of the Cotswwell chic set,
the Chipping Norton set is round
chipping Norton, round stone in the
world. But those who are in the Chipping
Norton set, who are in the heart of the
Cotswwells in Oxfordshire, call the part
of the Cotswwells that is north of the
M40 the Knotssworlds. In other words,
people there say I live in the
Cotswwells, but people in the Chipping
Morton set don't really feel it's the
true Cotswwells up there because it's on
the fringes. Now, interestingly, of
course, this is where they potentially
have a billionaire friend who may have a
house that they may be borrowing. It's
also kind of on the way to Ulup, which
is um Charlie Spencer's house, Princess
Diana's um brother. I don't think
Charles Spencer would ever claim to be
in the Cotswwells. I think his estate is
just far too remote and far too way out.
Having said that, it would make sense if
they went and sort of boarded there for
a bit. Don't you think, Tom?
>> Well, I do. And of course, you're
legally obligated uh to when describing
anything uh on uh an American uh based
news channel uh of geographical size to
compare it to Rhode Island and Cot the
official Cotsworld is 23 of the size of
Rhode Island. So I would imagine that
the Cotsworld plus the Knotsorld is
getting on for Rhode Island.
>> Yeah, it it's it's a very big area and
um it was very funny. I was at a very
Cotswwell's lunch party yesterday, just
a casual 40 people for lunch, you know,
in the garden, which is what they do
every other weekend. It was actually a
friend's birthday party. and the host
got up and said, "You know, I've only
moved here a couple of years ago and I
came like many economic migrants from
the Knotswalds to the Cotswwells and I'm
so grateful for the warm welcome that
you've given me." So, I actually think
that Megan and Harry, even though people
will say they don't approve of what they
did, they don't think they'll like them,
the minute they show up at the school
gates, everyone will be all over them.
At least for a bit. at least for a bit
because people are obsessed with
royalty. They're obsessed with celebrity
and and they're polite too. They're
polite and you you were saying to me
before Tom, you know, how do people
treat celebrities in the Cotswwells? You
know, they're quite used to them.
They're quite used to Elling generous.
They're quite used to JD Vance shows up
in the house. They're quite although
they weren't very friendly to him
actually, I have to say. Um, [snorts]
you know, they're used to Jeremy
Clarkson. They're used to Jamaima
McGoldsmith. They all live around there,
which is why Harry and Megan, if they
were going to do the Stow on the Walt
House, which is the Cotsworlds as
opposed to the Knots Wolves, they would
be pretty comfortable. The schoolgates
would be, you know, a bit of a cocktail
party to be honest.
>> I do think that there is an amazing
opportunity for them to start again, to
refresh, to reset. And and I do agree
with you that I think generally people
on the whole human beings right when we
meet people individually is very
different to sort of media portrayals
and that kind of thing. And I'm
absolutely confident as you are that
people will give them a fair suck at the
source bottle um to you know and and
they they do they have an opportunity to
to reset like anyone moving to a new
area you know you turn up you be nice
you be polite uh you do the right things
and and people treat treat you fairly on
on the whole I think so I think the ball
is very much in their court of how they
choose to behave socially with their new
neighbors but I mean there was for
example I mean the the to be totally
honest the the the straws in the wind
from Monteita were not great where they
really struggled you know there was no
attempt really to integrate with the
neighbors and I I know some people who
lived very very near by said they never
saw them people said they only saw Harry
whizzing past on his electric bike had
report in the mail this week some said
they'd left a bottle of wine at the gate
it was returned unopened you know as if
to say don't don't call us we'll call
you so I I think there is A I I think
that if they bring the
snobby, we're too good, we only want to
hang out with people who are famous
attitude, I don't think that will go
down well at all. And Plum's made a
brilliant, brilliant series of videos
about life in the Cotsworlds for her
Substack, PS, by Plum Sykes. And I think
what those videos to me really show
Plump is that to make it work in the
Cotsworlds, you've got to treat the
farmer on the same level as with the
same respect as you treat Carol Bamford
because the people are equally
important, you know, and they're all
equally part of the fabric of the
society and the fabric of the community.
So, and and I think that Harry will
grasp that. But I think that, you know,
let's hope that Megan has learned her
lesson from last time round when she was
quite, you know, overbearing and
superior and superilious to to some of
the staff and and that kinds of things.
And this is not just me saying it's well
documented. It's a a matter of record,
you know, because the the complaint was
made by Jason Canal and all all of that.
So let's hope anyway that that lessons
have been learned. But you say generally
I mean do you think people are
interested to see her because
they are just so it's just so they're
fascinated by her to see how ghastly she
is to see whether all the the rumors are
true or do you know what I mean? What?
What? Or is it just like anyone else?
>> To your point about, you know, the
farmer versus the celebrity and the
waller and how everyone's going to get
on in the CWorld. I think actually if
you w if you watch Clansson's farm, you
see that the farmer,
the waller, the tractor driver, they are
completely codependent on each other. So
you better be nice to the local farmer
because he's going to pull your car out
when it's snowing. You better be nice to
the waller because he's going to build
your wall up when it collapses in the
snow. And there's all these people with
all these skills and all these trades
out here that, you know, people like me
who are basically townies, absolutely
dependent on. And I I would suspect that
when they were at Frogmore Cottage,
which is obviously in the countryside,
everything was probably dealt with by
the Queen's estate because it was on the
Windsor estate. they probably wouldn't
really have had to get involved with
people who were going to handle their
farm or what was going on in the land or
anything like that. But in the consolds,
if you buy yourself a farm or an estate,
you got to run it. So, you better get on
with people really, really well. And I
think you have to be pretty humble. I
agree with you. I'm sure that Harry
would be absolutely fine. I think for
Megan, I'm not saying she wouldn't be
polite to them, but it takes a long time
to understand
how to work with all these sorts of
people that you've never come across
before.
>> Yes, it's uh going to certainly be an
interesting uh
line for the couple to walk. And there
is, I suppose, an assumption that Harry
will fit more naturally into that world
than Megan will. I mean, of course,
there's been a a lot of speculation that
that Megan might not be there as
full-time as Harry, but like all these
things, we're going to have to wait and
see what actually happens. And I mean
that is the the bottom line of the
situation, the entire situation with
them moving, where they're going to
live, what school they're going to go
to, how they're going to get on with the
local community, how they're going to
interact with, are they going to be
respectful to people, you know, that
they may perceive as being lower down
the pecking order, all those kinds of
things. I mean, I have to say that um I
I suppose most people would be surprised
if uh absolutely glowing reports came
back um from the local communities uh
you know, etc., etc.
>> But maybe they will. Maybe they will.
>> But maybe they will. And let's give them
the benefit of the doubt. And sure, you
know, maybe they will. The other thing
that I think is really interesting about
your part of the world that people
perhaps don't understand is that because
it's got this reputation of being very
glitzy and very glamorous largely
because of your book my dear um that
that there's a misunderstanding that you
know for large periods of time by which
I mean sort of the end of the shooting
season you know halfway through February
all the way through you know February
often March March and quite a bit of
April. It's blooming cold. It can be
very wet. It can be very muddy. Um, and
yeah, sure there are people like, you
know, our friend Lucy Russell who runs
that Lucy app thing that will send like
the most incredible blow dry guy or the
most incredible massage guy from London
up to you. But in terms of your local
services, I mean, it's, you know, like
anywhere else in England, it's Tesco and
Aldi and Little and, you know, good luck
getting a taxi, right?
>> Yeah. Well, there aren't really any
taxis here. [laughter]
Um, I mean, weirdly there is Uber, but
all the all the taxi business actually
died in COVID, so you can't get a taxi.
But what I would say, I completely agree
with you about January, between January
and May, it is grim. I also think that
there's lots of people who say, "I live
in the Cotzworlds," and they live there
Thursday to Monday, and they go to
London Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
They do those those rich, glamorous,
famous people do not live here full-time
because they sort of can't and they they
would get bored. It's very isolating.
Um, also of course Harry has come back
just in time for the shooting season. I
don't think it's that much of a
coincidence, Tom. He's going to be very,
very busy at the weekends. I mean, I
think there's going to be a lot of
invitations. Um, but also, let's not
forget no one has seen them anywhere
yet. So, we're not completely sure which
part of the Cotsworld they might be in.
I mean, when I was at lunch yesterday, I
actually had the great pleasure of
sitting opposite Robert Hardman, who,
you know, is the best um columnist at
the Daily Mail on the royal family, and
I did ask him his professional opinion
about what on earth was going on, and
this is what he said about the schools.
He said plump. My guess is that or or
where they'll be, right? My guess is
that they put down the children for all
of the schools, right? They've put them
down for the dragon in Oxford. They put
them down for St. Hughes outside Oxford.
They put them down for badminton school.
They put them down for Donscy's. They
put them down for Bodazak Park. They put
them down for Kitebrook. And they
probably have paid all the deposits as
well because you have to pay the
deposit. And they will only decide
the day before which one they're going
to go to because he said that's kind of
what they're like. They like surprising
everyone and they like being
unpredictable. Do would you agree with
that?
>> I think it's a really really interesting
take. Um, what I do think is that I
think this argument that a place
suddenly became available 10 days and
that's why they had to move back in such
a hurry. I mean, I just don't buy it
because as far as I can tell, you know,
most of the perhaps schools are pretty
keen to get, um, customers coming in
because the whole VAT on the school fees
has, you know, um, meant that a lot of
them really are struggling with closure,
frankly. I mean the days of lists
bursting to be full in my understanding
is is is not quite uh completely
accurate. So I mean I look obviously I
think that they want the best for their
kids. They want them to go to a great
school. They want them to have fun. They
want them to integrate into this new
life that they're building for them and
all of those things. But yeah, if they
don't, frankly, if they haven't actually
bought their house yet, they haven't
even made an offer, how can you really
fully select the school until you know
where you're living?
>> And also, Tom, as we know, you know,
buying a house in the UK and
particularly buying somewhere with land,
farm, all the rest of it, it's very
complicated. You don't wave a magic wand
and sign the contract the next day, it
takes months and months. But the other
thing that Robert said to me, which I
thought was really interesting, he's I I
said, "Look, why why do you really think
they've moved back? Is it about being
run out of Hollywood, you know, is it
about Harry being unhappy there? Is it?"
And he said, "You know what, Plum? I
think that when it comes to prep school
age or comes to the education becoming
more serious, you start understanding as
a parent that you can't muck around with
moving around your children from school
to school because it disrupts their
education. And he said those two had to
decide, do we want our children to grow
up to grow up American or British? And
if they are prince and princess, they
kind of need to grow up British and they
kind of need to be in the British school
system if they're going to grow up
British because it is too difficult to
move a child at say 10 into the British
school system because it's so unique to
itself. So if you move the American
system to the British system at 10 or
11, boy, you're giving your child a
problem. So Archie, who's the older
child, isn't he, if I'm right?
Um, how old is he? Six,
>> a bit older.
>> Okay, so seven. So he's coming up to
that critical prep school age, which is
7, eight. That's when you get in the
pipeline for, drum roll, Eaton. It
starts at seven or eight. You have got
to go to the correct feeder school for
Eaton. Harry went to Eaton. He liked
Eaton. I cannot imagine that there would
be any other school they would rather
send their son to than Eaton. What do
you think, Tom?
>> Well, I did actually report last year, I
think, that Harry had put, um, Archie
down Freightton. Uh, Harry actually went
to the trouble of personally denying it
himself, uh, through his spokesperson.
Uh, so, uh, make of that what you will.
Uh, I I think that he probably will end
up at Eaton. Um, we shall see. And
largely because it's one of the few
schools that can handle the kind of
security implications because every
other, you know, every other kid there
is this kid of a billionaire. So it's
incredibly well-guarded. It's incredibly
secure. All of those kinds of things. If
your parents are non-working royals,
then doesn't that make the kids
non-working royals or does it make them
working roles? I don't really
understand. I think things like that are
the things that may
have them come a little unstuck. So,
having said all of that, Tom, another
rumor that's flying around the
Cotswwells, which I think is very, very
likely is that they're making another
documentary.
>> Well, it wouldn't be entirely
surprising. And uh Paula Frolic uh who's
on the show earlier was mentioning that
very subject. Plum Sykes, the uh
esteemed author of PS by Plum Sykes, top
uh fashion Substack, uh my beloved
sister, uh Queen of the Cotswwells,
author of Wives Like Us. Thank you so
much um for being on the royalist day
for the Sykes Siblings special.
>> Thank you so much. Bye, darling. Bye.
>> Well, that's it for today everybody.
Thanks very much to everyone for
watching. Thank you for the questions.
Thank you for the comments. A huge thank
you to our producer Rachel Passa, the
very pink of patience, for making the
whole thing run so smoothly, look so
lovely, and sound so good. Thank you,
Rachel. We really, really appreciate
you. And a big thank you to all of you.
Which bit of the show did you enjoy
most? the security deep dive tea with
Paula or Plum's dispatch from the
Cotzvaults. Leave a comment below and
let us know. And didn't Plum's hair look
fantastic? My goodness, it really did.
And how about her dog, right? I mean,
the dog just like posed there like it
was from Central Casting. Well, it's an
absolute pleasure to be doing this
podcast, to have so much love and this
incredible community that we're building
here on the Royalist channel. Thank you
for being here. See you during the week
and if not, see you here same time, same
place next week. Thanks a million guys.
Love you. Bye. And as always, God save
the king.