Breaking today, Meghan Markle's fears as
she breaches her own security in a
desperate own goal.
But, I'm going to cut through
the PR spin here to reveal what is
really going on.
Prince Harry
is making his wife, soon-to-be estranged
wife, live out her worst nightmare
in some type of twisted punishment. That
is the only way to really read this Sun
exclusive today. But, there's a whole
load going on because, as Lauren the
Insider has pointed out, we're going to
get to this shortly, the Sun is trying
to make us feel sympathy for this woman.
She's no longer Meghan Markle to the
Sun. She's poor old nervous Meg.
This PR spin, this PR game, is not going
to work. But, let me take you through
the reporting from the Sun, which which
reveals the Duchess of Sussex is nervous
about doing the school run
while security for her family remains
unsettled, a pal says. So, this is a
briefing, I believe, that has come from
Team Sussex.
Meghan and Harry are in a secret luxury
countryside location after returning to
the UK. Oh, shouldn't we feel sorry for
them? But, the pair of barely left the
house. Oh God! I MEAN, WE HAVE TO DO IT
EVERY DAY, YOU KNOW, FOLKS. Since
arriving last week, and she is said to
be worried about driving Archie and Lily
to and from their prep school. Having a
regular drop-off and pick-up time
increases the security risk, the friend
says. Now, I would argue to this friend
that the thing that is really increasing
the security risk is announcing to the
world that Meghan Markle is going to be
doing the school run at the same time
every single day. You know what is going
on here, folks, but the mainstream media
will not tell you. Prince Harry and
Meghan Markle want a security situation.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle want a
pesky photographer to turn up at the
school because Meghan has to in some way
prove correct the claim that she made to
The Cut all of those years ago that when
Catherine, the Princess of Wales, takes
her children to school, there are
hundreds of photographers that turn up.
It's all poppycock, of course. The pal
added, "The school run is a tricky issue
and I understand they are nervous about
it." The Sun, in fairness, does report
critics say the pair who gave up royal
duties to move to California in 2020 are
prisoners of their own making by coming
back without protection in place. But we
know why they have done this because
Harry is so determined to wipe off his
$5 million private security bill that he
is
desperate to make the government feel
almost as if it's an inev- it's an
inevitability that once he's here,
there's no way they can say no to his
security.
So, the Sun report added that Harry gave
the security committee less than 2 weeks
notice when rules say he must give 28
days.
And they also point out a poll has found
63% of the public believe the pair
should pay for their own private guards.
I mean, if you actually look at the most
extreme polling, 98%
of Brits do not want to pay for Prince
Harry and Meghan Markle's security.
The Sun says that questions have been
raised over why the Duke came back
despite saying last year he could not
bring his family without proper
security. It is understood they expect
they will eventually get some
taxpayer-funded protection reinstated.
But first, if you're turning 65 in
America, Medicare is about to land in
your lap and nobody prepares you for it.
You pay in your entire working life,
right? And then you're suddenly expected
to sort through thousands of plans and
alphabet soup of parts and a mountain of
mail. If you pick wrong, it could cost
you for years.
This is overwhelming and it is not your
fault. So, here is the good news. You
don't have to figure it out alone.
Chapter is the only Medicare advisor
that compares every plan nationwide. You
talk to a real licensed advisor, not a
chatbot, and they will ask you about
your doctors, your prescriptions, and
your priorities. Then, they'll match you
to a plan that actually fits your life.
No pressure, no sales pitch, and it
costs you nothing. One free call under
20 minutes, and you'll walk away with
real answers. So, call 814-813-4918,
and get Medicare right the first time. A
real person, a free conversation, and
some proper clarity about your Medicare
options. That's 814-813-4918.
But now, back to the show.
But as well as choosing schools in the
UK, he also wants to be closer to family
such as the Spencers. It was not
confirmed whether they visited his
mother's Diana's grave at Althorp on the
29th anniversary of her death yesterday.
A government spokesman saying of the
protection system, "It is our
long-standing policy not to provide
detailed information on those
arrangements, as doing so could
compromise their integrity and affect
individuals' security." But of course,
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle don't
care about that. This is all just a game
to them, and they are more than happy to
breach their own security, to breach
their own privacy at any point if they
think the eventual aim will succeed. And
that eventual aim is full-time security
paid for by you, paid for by me, for
Harry, for Meghan, the two children,
wherever in the world they happen to be,
and why ever they are traveling across
the globe. It is a hugely expensive
operation, and it is one quite rightly
that we all believe they have turned
down.
But as I said earlier, Lauren the
Insider has taken a look inside what the
Sun is doing with this article and
pointed out that this is a return
to Meghan's
victim playbook. And she points out that
the Sussex PR machine is now in
overdrive. I actually agree and have
been pointing this out, too. But let me
take you through some of Lauren's
Substack here. It's very interesting.
She writes, "Like clockwork, the victim
narrative for Meghan Markle has started
again. Pay close attention to how the
Sun newspaper is not only trying to
rebrand her as Meg, but is also
relentlessly pushing pro-Sussex
narratives. The big questions that need
to be asked are how closely are News UK
working with Team Sussex? We've recently
seen Mark Dolan, a TalkTV presenter,
remember TalkTV is owned by News UK, put
out a tweet regarding Harry's security.
Couple this with extensive propaganda
the Sun is running about the duo's
return and it is highly likely that
high-level conversations are taking
place to ensure the narrative being
pushed is pro-Sussex. Now, you will
remember that Mark Dolan tweet, but it
is worth just looking at it again. He
said, "I'm no Prince Harry fan, but he
and his family need 24/7 armed royal
security whilst they're in the UK. The
cost is irrelevant. The threats they
face are shocking and real and it is
time for me to point out that in today's
royal uncancelled aftershow, which uh
you can watch right now by heading to my
Substack, www.outspoken.live, I'm going
to expose much more about what is going
on with GB News, with Mark Dolan, with
the N Weiss, who is this billionaire who
has brought Prince Harry and Meghan
Markle back to the UK in some ways.
But Lauren goes on to say, "Mark Dolan
is a lovely guy and I've known him for
years, but you know my reporting goes
forwards without fear or favor. As such,
I'm bringing insiders the bigger picture
here. Why would an independent reporter
who has built a YouTube channel largely
around his apparent dislike for Harry
and Meghan suddenly come forward on X,
which isn't even his content platform of
choice to clearly state in black and
white that they should get their
security back. That deserves scrutiny.
The palace overall works very closely
with News UK. Victoria Newton holds
regular meetings with the King and his
aides. News UK remains a major force
when it comes to setting the narrative
for the public and has enormous
influence over political and public
discourse. With that level of access and
reach comes the ability to shape and
influence public opinion. Meanwhile,
Meghan Markle has been busy leaking
stories suggesting that she feels on
edge during the school run and that she
is living in a gilded cage. Think about
that language for a moment. It sounds
like the words of someone who has
absolutely no understanding of what
ordinary people are dealing with.
Millions of people are struggling with
housing costs, crime, insecure
employment, and a whole load of
pressures that really receive the same
level of sympathetic coverage. Yet, we
are repeatedly presented with stories
designed to make the public feel sorry
for Meghan and Harry. I believe this is
part of a much wider strategy. These
stories are designed to slowly chip away
at the public to soften attitudes,
generate sympathy, and diminish any
backlash against the Sussexes. So, there
is so much to get into here today. We're
going to do so with our friend, the
royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams.
Richard, so great to have you back on
Outspoken.
I want to kick off Richard first with
the headline, okay? So, let's just take
the headline as read. Meghan Markle
terrified, Richard, about doing the
school run, nervous and on edge. You've
got to ask a serious question, don't
you? Why is Prince Harry putting her
through this? Richard, I mean
he knew that her ultimate nightmare was
to return to the United Kingdom to have
to do the school run in the way that
Princess Catherine does every day. She's
spoken about how horrid that possibility
would have been in that infamous
interview now with the cut. Remember, it
was published just as Queen Elizabeth II
was going through some very, very nasty
health issues. So, why is he making her
doing this do this given how clearly
miserable she is?
>> My heart truly bleeds for her, I have to
say. I mean, the issue, however, is a
complex one. On the one hand, of course,
you're absolutely right to warn
everybody that what we're having at the
moment, but I mean, the PR machine, if
the word overdrive fits, well, then I'll
accept it, but I mean, it's it's
absolutely obsessive. I mean, what we've
got is quite extraordinary. We know
Harry's a personal um
fears with reference to security, and
this goes back years, and he lost in the
High Court, and he lost on appeal. He
offered to pay. That isn't acceptable.
There've been several polls, which have
given us an indication of what the
public think. The Mail and the Express
had polls, but YouGov, I think, is
usually the most reliable, and 71%
feel that the government shouldn't fund
it. Equally, I would say this,
the issue of security is far too
important to be left to public opinion
polls. So, what one must ask is is there
a threat, or is there a credible threat?
Why have Ravik, I mean, he asked last
year, the Home Secretary, and we
understood there'd be a decision where
it was taken to Ravik again, I
understood around 7 December.
It's a long time after we're we were
told it was paused and so forth. Then we
were told he hadn't got it. Now, very
clearly, they've chosen. You mentioned
Megan and the school run. Well, the
first run they've made is extraordinary.
It's at Birmingham Airport, where we've
seen this private jet. Now, obviously,
they're making a statement that they're
coming and that not only that, but
they're prosperous. Look what they can
afford, not only a jet, but also three
houses homes, apparently.
And also, we've got the news we'll deal
with later with reference to reports
that they're being backed by a
billionaire. But when it comes to
security, it's somewhere between 3 and 5
million pounds. Now, most people will
certainly not want to contribute. But as
I say, the test is whether or not
there's an actual threat. And there have
been those who've been prosecuted in the
past for being a threat. What I can't
understand is why Ravik have taken so
long. And we understood that this was
with reference before to the fact that
it wasn't they weren't permanently
resident in Britain, but they were in
the United States. Now, of course,
they've suddenly pitched up, uh given
them uh no notice, pretty well a
fortnight, where they're required 28
days. But they seem to tear the rule
book up, as we remember when they were
just a month ago
where they're going to stay at the
palace, what the security going to be,
and so on and so forth. And they didn't
even tell the king what they've been
planning, obviously, for months with the
Spencers knowing about it, I suspect,
not to mention Sarah Ferguson, of which
more no doubt hereafter. But the facts
very, very clearly are if there is a
threat, and I suspect that Ravik now
they're going to be supposedly between 6
months and 15 years here. Maybe
permanent, maybe not, depending how you
consider permanent and what the time
>> will be permanent. She will not be. But
that, Richard, poses the question
whether Ravik is going to have to
provide security for her while she's
spending most of the year in Montecito.
It's mad.
>> That certainly isn't something that
could possibly be considered by the
British
>> But I think that's what Harry wants.
Honestly, I think that's what he wants.
He wants the whole family covered which
includes her while she's in Hollywood
working on
her ventures. Now, would there
potentially be an opt-out where maybe
Harry got security and the children got
security in the UK? Maybe. But Richard,
just before you go on, I want to share
with you, according to Tazz's verdict on
this, because she claims that Prince
Harry is now self-sabotaging
his own security arrangements.
And she notes, Richard, he only gave 14
days notice to the Met Police despite
knowing he must give 28 days. His
spokesperson responded, "We have always
adhered to the rules they set even as
the goalposts have moved. Playing by
those rules has never made any
difference." Well, that's not true. Even
the recent visit with the children was
completely chaotic. The children were
coming, then they weren't, then they
were staying at Buckingham, then they
weren't. How can the police provide an
assessment without knowing who is
coming, where they will be going, and
where they will be staying? They can't.
So, then Harry throws a temper tantrum.
I think he's deliberately
self-sabotaging so he can play victim
and manipulate the public, hence the
photos at the airport to show they
didn't have a police escort. And the
Al-Qaeda threat, it's from 2023, not
current, and nothing came from it, but
he's moaning about it now.
To make himself look like he's in more
danger whilst now attacking Ravic and
the Met Police. So, Tazz says, "We now
have a very serious issue with the
King's second son attacking the
government, the courts, government
departments, and also the police. Your
Majesty, you got to get your boy in
check, and ignoring him isn't working.
The more he's ignored, the bigger the
tantrum." Do you agree, Richard?
>> Well, I think firstly with reference to
tantrums, Harry has learned very little
because we constantly, and you'll
remember this,
we keep seeing this clip from the BBC
interview when he was told he couldn't
get security, went on and ranted for a
lot of it for over half an hour in point
of fact. It was supposed to be his
family to some 7 minutes and it went on
and on and on. And there he is talking
about reconciliation. Well, when it
comes to temper tantrums, he I think
I referred to Charlotte Griffith's
comments regarding the fact he's
spitting blood and wants some form of
apology, this sort of mentality. So, I'm
I mean I agree with what you say with
reference to the way they're setting or
appear to be setting the establishment
up. When the establishment are provoked,
however, they do have to take into
account with reference to our kid our
kid I mean for example, he admitted in
spare he'd taken his second tour of duty
taken out 25 members of the Taliban.
That was an insane
>> admit it, did he? Let's just be honest
about it. He boasted about it. He chose
to reveal it. And none of us knew, none
of us cared, none of us would ever have
dared Richard such a thing because we
wouldn't want to put him at threat like
that, Richard. He did it to himself.
>> He did indeed. But Robert do have to
look at this relatively impartially and
as you know, they Sir Clive Woolaston
after a period next year will no longer
be
on Robert. And he may well be succeeded
by a certain Theo Rycroft who will have
views on this that one would assume will
be more to Harry's liking at least from
what we know.
>> Yeah, and the thing is, Richard,
it is particularly insane that Harry is
now suggesting, "Oh, there is a royal
plot
led by my brother
and my father's staff for me to be
unsafe, but my own dad who actually runs
the institution and you know, he just
happens to be king, he don't know
anything about it." But there is a lot
of criticism of Charles here, too,
Richard, and I want to ask you about
this. Tom Sykes of the royalist Substack
now saying that he is actually putting
his legacy at threat. Richard, look at
this.
The imperial arrogance
of King Charles is marching his legacy
off a cliff. I mean, that is very, very
strong language. He says, "His courtiers
tried to save him. His heirs," referring
to William, "tried to save him. The
public could not be clearer,
but the king does what he darned well
likes. Many good people around Charles
have spent years trying to save him from
himself."
The courtiers tried.
Warning him against rolling out the red
carpet for a son who has spent years
monetizing attacks on his family. The
public has tried telling him, too, in
poll after poll. The king's response at
77, the very same age at which his
sister-in-law is embarking on her
exciting new consultancy career, we'll
get to that shortly, Richard, has been
to go grouse shooting.
While a constitutional crisis unfolds
and do precisely as he pleases on every
front. His impunity is now a habit and
habits harden with age. The rebel king
is marching his own legacy off a cliff
one
feet
at a time.
Now, Richard, you are a real monarchist.
As am I.
But do you accept that criticism of King
Charles over Prince Harry and Meghan
Markle's return is legitimate?
>> While Harry and Meghan demand special
treatment and attack the royals, the
mainstream media still text them. On
outspoken, I call it out with no bias.
So, subscribe right now for the full
story every day.
>> Of course, that's legitimate. And
indeed, I would suggest that
King Charles so far, firstly, he's had
health issues, which we all know, indeed
it may well be perfectly genuinely this
is linked to one of the reasons, and we
could debate this for a very long time
as to one of the reasons which have
prompted Harry to bring his family back.
That's been speculated. It may or may
not be true. With reference to child
King Charles generally, his opinion poll
ratings tend to be pretty good, over
half, and the monarchy's is 64% in the
last few gaps. So, that's Well, any
political party would give their eye
teeth to have that. So far as the King's
personal successes, I think where he's
been best is soft power. We know he had
a tremendous success in the United
States. He goes to France, Germany,
Italy, addresses the parliaments in the
language and so on. He does extremely
well there. Regarding the environment,
and I mean this is a different area, but
we're seeing
increasingly politicized, but there's
little doubt he's been consistent over
many years
1970 impact, which is so makes him the
longest in this
>> Yeah, but we've forgiven him for a lot,
okay?
>> Oh, yes, indeed. He was King. Actually,
no, but Daniel, you're raising a very
interesting point. You're about to link
with the past and Diana, and also the
fact that Camilla was accepted. This is
going to be dynamite next month because
on the I think it's the 22nd of
September
Spencer publishes a memoir
his sister Diana, and there's absolutely
no doubt. I couldn't understand why in a
29 years, this didn't make sense to me.
It's that he is next year, as we all
know, and what's going to happen there
with the brothers and Harry and Meghan
and what they're going to do in the
Diana Award, all sorts of question
marks. But no, this was done quite
deliberately to dovetail with Harry and
Meghan's,
shall we say, visit, permanent arrival,
or whatever. There's no question that
it's going to contain very embarrassing
details, at least embarrassing for the
king. And what could he do about it? He
can't do anything about it.
The Spencers and the Windsors, I think
they don't, so to speak, officially
dislike each other since the important
but very
>> they do. They do. They can't stand each
other. And this is again all about
moving, I'm completely with you, all
about moving that establishment
narrative
closer to where Harry's at, further away
from where William's at. But on the
king, there was another thing I wanted
to ask you about, Richard, and was
referred to briefly in that Tom Sykes
piece.
Do you agree with the criticism over
this? Because I'm not sure that he
really deserves it, if I'm totally
honest. King Charles adding queen's
sister, this is Annabel Elliot, to the
payroll. Now, the thing is, she is an
interior designer. She has done a whole
load of brilliant work in the past. Now,
this has been reported by Gabriel
Pogrund in The Sunday Times. He does a
lot of good work, Richard. He is a top
journalist, so I'm not shooting down his
work. But I just do wonder if it is a
little bit unfair to suggest that almost
there is something dodgy going on here,
simply because the King's Foundation is
now putting Annabel Elliot on the
payroll. You will remember when Prince
William took over the Duchy of Cornwall,
he boosted her from the payroll.
>> Absolutely. I I can't help feeling that
this isn't really news, because the
King's Foundation, I mean, one of the
problems with the king, and there are
difficulties.
He has so many charities. Everyone's
heard of the King's Trust, because the
Prince's Trust helping, I think,
1,200,000 [clears throat]
people now. It is for a
But there are 19 other charities or
something in that area and most people
don't know what they are and what
they're called and the King's Foundation
people would possibly know that David
Beckham is attached to it or Kate
Winslet and so forth or Idris Elba was
charitable has charitable has links. But
there's no question whatever that
the fact that they decided to employ
Camilla's sister Queen Camilla's sister
I I
I think they're looking for a story. I
think it makes a perfectly reasonable
piece because after all it wasn't
publicized. But I don't think it amounts
to anything other than
a bit of a moan that it wasn't as public
as it might have been. I mean we think
back to Michael Fawcett. That was a
totally different situation. And you
know I don't it doesn't worry me
particularly. Yes we
>> The charity says Richard that they
haven't tried to hide this appointment
just to clarify that. They haven't
announced it they haven't revealed what
the process was but they insist that
they haven't tried to hide it. Uh
Richard let's end
uh on something
positive
uh because Princess Eugenie
has shared some lovely new pictures of
Adelaide
newly born Adelaide.
And they're lovely aren't they?
>> They're absolutely lovely. These are on
Instagram.
And
it is of note to me. I mean she says
they're happy day with her babies. It is
quite interesting to me
that Princess Eugenie
is doing the thing cuz remember there's
been a lot of speculation Richard that
she is nowhere near as close to Prince
Harry and Meghan Markle as she used to
be okay and that she sort of backed the
Royals over the Sussexes. And it's
interesting to me that here she is
revealing these deeply private moments
on Instagram.
Something that Prince Harry, her cousin,
says is a shocking thing, Richard, for
any parent to do. And you're deeply
irresponsible if you do that, Richard. I
I don't know. Am I reading too much into
that?
>> I think you're bringing up the fact, as
we all have
raised eyebrows the numbers of times
we've seen the Sussex children without
seeing their faces. It looks and seems
silly that their appearances do seem
timed to particular
things that will benefit the parents. I
think these are charming and I think
princes usually Yes, I mean, we send
congratulations. It's It's not been an
easy period for her.
And also, there's no doubt
>> That's the understatement of the
century.
>> That is indeed. And we could [laughter]
have
a parent who has
arrived back. So, I I have to say, I do
think there's a serious point for the
end difficult period for the monarchy.
Because you've got Harry and Meghan, and
there he is spitting blood, apparently,
wanting an apology, which he's not going
to get. And we've got a variety of
issues. Security is one of them, which
will be solved by the press salivating
at every single royal engagement. Will
they be at or will they not be? Diana
rewards coming, and so on and so forth.
Harry and royal child. But also, we've
got the book on which Spencer is
Well, he's the author next month on
Diana. That is going to be problematic.
And then, Sarah Ferguson is reported to
come back. Now, that was no accident. A
lot of this All of this may be A great
deal has been pre-planned for months.
And as far as the royals are concerned,
I think you'll agree with me
when they They're very good sometimes
when they respond when they know what
the attack is going to be, but when they
don't as with the Epstein files and when
they leaked and they didn't know, you
had the mistakes after mistakes and that
can be very very dangerous. Also, of
course, very very debilitating. So, yes,
we end by sending congratulations to
Princess Eugenie, but I
am profoundly depressed by the way
things are shaping because I don't think
the royal family is able to shape the
narrative from now on.
>> No, indeed. Now, Richard, uh
do stand by
because we are going to head over to
Substack now as the Royal Uncanceled
after show continues.
As I revealed earlier, big news today.
And this is a complicated one, but
you're going to start hearing a lot more
about a man called Ian Weiss. He's very
much a billionaire behind Prince Harry
and Meghan Markle's UK move. Some
suggestion he is at least providing
accommodation. They stayed with him very
recently on his private island. That he
is a very rich man.
But I am about to reveal some shocking
connections
that link this man to GB News, that link
this man to Mark Dolan, that link this
man to Cameron Walker.
And in a lot of ways it does reveal why
the mainstream media are becoming so
cucked in terms of Prince Harry and
Meghan Markle's return. So, this is very
important what I'm going to take you
through with Richard as the Royal
Uncanceled after show continues.
We're going to discuss the full thing
over on Substack at www.outspoken.live.
That is where the paid monthly and
annual subscribers do get first access
to the Royal Uncanceled after show and
we are a free speech platform there, so
there is no censorship whatsoever. It
keeps me independent. It keeps me
outside of the royal rota. It means I
only work for you, my paid Substack
subscribers. Thank you so much for being
there, but you can subscribe completely
for free, too, at www.outspoken.life.
Dan Wootton Outspoken is your no-spin,
no-bias, no-censorship outlet for
independent news. We have no big tech
backing or billionaires pulling my
strings, but that does mean I need your
[music] support. So, please hit
subscribe on YouTube, turn on the
notification bell, and subscribe to Dan
Wootton Outspoken on Spotify or Apple
Podcasts. It's totally free, but allows
me to continue my promise to always keep
fighting for you.