Welcome back to our channel, where we provide updates and exclusive insights on Catherine, Princess of Wales, and her royal family. We are pleased to announce the following news:

On the twenty-sixth of August a private plane traversed the dreary skies of England and landed not in London but in Birmingham. It carried a family whose very presence on British territory would ignite a constitutional conflagration. The family were found in Birmingham. For six years the investigations into their children had been cast into the wide air of gossip and hearsay, easily fended off from their fortress in California. This has been the case in all the studies. But when Prince Harry and Meghan Markle went through the process of enrolling their children in an English school, they didn’t just change their address. They had walked in on their own initiative, evading a legal authority they had been evading for a long time. It was right in the firing line of the High Court, both the validity of their children and the integrity of the British line of succession. In the case there was no barrier of distance. And besides, the stillness that they had used as a weapon was going to become their captivity of the circumstance.

A case of the Prodigal returning to a world of spirits

Arriving it was a beautiful example of intended obscurity. It was a sharp and humiliating contrast to the life they had been accustomed to up to that moment. The royal family did not come out to meet them; no group of photographers was approved by the Palace, and no police outriders were waiting on the tarmac to cloak them in a significance sanctioned by the state. There were none of these items. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped off as private citizens with their children Archie, 7, and Lilibet, 5. Archie is the elder of the two. Royal watchers on social media uncovered this knowledge in a surprisingly short amount of time. It was less a homecoming than a getaway. After years spent conducting a transatlantic media war against the institution that birthed him, after a much-vaunted but ultimately hollow Hollywood venture that generated more controversy than content, Prince Harry was back again, but this time not as a conquering hero but as a man who appeared to be out of options. He'd been there for a long time.

The couple’s personal life has been reported to be severely polarised by people close to the marriage. The promise, it seemed, had been made to Montecito, to be full of sunshine, but it had been broken. The stories show a man who had severed his roots and found himself adrift as a prince who was afflicted by a gnawing homesickness during his time away from home.  This man had been away from home for a good while. The American ideal had become a gilded prison for Harry but it was a sign of liberty for Meghan and the chance of taking a route that would lead to business ventures. A paper written by his own staff says the Prince's aims have changed dramatically. The man who has said his main aim is to protect his wife from the British press is making it very clear he is keen for his children to be educated in the English language, reports say. He wanted his son to play rugby in muddy fields beneath skies that were always dismal, to understand the peculiar rhythms of a British school, to belong to the British educational system. He wanted his son to be steeped in a legacy that Harry himself so openly abandoned.

Those who were there from start to finish of the scenario say this was the last, most desperate gamble they could take to preserve their family from totally falling apart. The set-up is described as a fragile, uncomfortable compromise: Harry and the children would be based at a rented house in the Cotswolds for a “extended” period of time, while Meghan would shuttle between the two, attempting to save her lifestyle brand and the almost defunct Archewell production company from her base in California. The arrangement is claimed to be a delicate, difficult compromise. For anyone who has seen human relationships these conditions have the particular chill of a marriage of convenience, and a long-distance marriage of convenience is a recipe for emotional decay. This has a rather cold feeling about it, like a marriage of convenience. This is an admission of defeat in silence. The huge Hollywood experiment had not turned out as expected, considering that they had been promised financial freedom and worldwide influence on their own terms. Then they turned and walked back to the one place that had something to offer their children that the United States of America had never had to offer. A birthright. In spite of their greatest attempts to secure that birthright, it is conceivable that they have, without trying to do so, unwittingly devised the exact mechanism that may be used to destroy it permanently. 

It is a track of paper that leaves behind a legacy of ambiguity. 

The current dilemma that is hovering over the House of Windsor is not one that is the product of new revelations; rather, it is the consequence of long-standing questions that have not been resolved being finally posed in a position that cannot be ignored.  This dilemma is a result of the fact that the House of Windsor has been in existence for a very long time.  Since a number of years ago, the official papers that correspond to the births of the children of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been the subject of rigorous study by the general public.  The documents in question are marked by a pattern of revisions and discrepancies that continue to be difficult to read.  It should be emphasised that these are not simple clerical errors, but rather abnormalities on the most sensitive public documents in the kingdom. Such records are documents used as the basis for the succession of members of the royal family.

I want to draw your attention to the birth certificate of Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor born May 6th 2019. Please keep this duty in mind. The birth itself was conducted in such secrecy as had never before been seen in the history of modern royals. Nobody knew what was next. The tradition of having a photograph taken on the steps of the hospital – a ritual that had been responsible for presenting Prince William and Prince Harry to the public – was abandoned. It was agreed that this tradition would be abandoned. But there was a carefully constructed story sent out to the public: a home delivery at Frogmore Cottage, delivered by an all-female midwifery team. It took 11 days for the official birth certificate to be produced and when it eventually was it revealed the truth. Archie was born in the exclusive Portland Hospital in Westminster. Finally the birth certificate was produced. The location, however, wasn’t even the most concerning feature of the disease. The document had a reference to his full name of his mother which was written as “Rachel Meghan, Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex.”

In the months that followed, in June 2019, little over one month after the initial revision, that official record was amended. A spelling error was corrected but the document was not reissued. It was modified in compliance with the relevant requirements. The names “Rachel Meghan” were erased from the record, leaving only the cold, impersonal title: “Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex.” In the annals of the General Register Office, the act of a mother erasing her own given name from her child’s birth certificate a month after the fact is virtually unknown. When the alteration was brought to the attention of the media, the Sussex camp generated a response that was not only indignant but enlightening. This comment was supposed to ward off criticism yet instead opened the box packed with Pandora. “It was the Palace who demanded the adjustment, not us,” a spokesman said, emphasising that they had no option. The audience was given with two equally horrifying choices. It was perhaps Meghan, in a display of extraordinary vanity, who ordered that her personal identity be expunged in favour of a title, or it was senior courtiers at Buckingham Palace, for reasons unknown, who interfered in a document held by the state to change the identity of the mother of the sixth-in-line to the throne. Both of these situations are possible. There's nothing else to think about. The official response has never adequately explained what happened to that document, nor has it ever properly described what happened.

A second set of paperwork contradicted itself . The second child was born two years after the first . Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor was born on Wednesday, June 4th, 2021 in the city of Santa Barbara, California, United States of America. In the US, birth certificates simply ask you to put your legal name (not titles) on them. In this particular piece of writing, her mother is named "Rachel Meghan Markle," which is the name she went by before marrying Prince Harry. In the other side, the box which is named "Occupation" has a claim which is both implausible and problematic. The correct title for Harry is “Prince” and for Meghan “Princess of the United Kingdom” and she has never,ever, and ever, properly held that position. Instead, Harry is called “Prince.” She became Duchess by marrying a Prince. The United Kingdom’s constitutional legislation states that there is no such thing as the title of “Princess Meghan”. It is a lie that for a long time has been maintained in an official record of the United States of America without correction.

If you looked at each of these discrepancies in isolation, you might be able to explain it away with a rather forced but believable explanation. Coworkers are susceptible to errors. There are moments when palace protocol is hard to understand and seems out of touch. When all of these pieces of evidence are taken together, they portray a horrifying picture of deception and contradictions around the very identity of two children who are in the direct line of succession. And yet they gave rise to a dense forest of doubt, it was a forest encircled by a sea of protection. Each and every one of these enquiries was simply an inquiry while the children were in the state of California. The displays are what they are right now.

With the crushing weight of a crown, the phantom of the year 1917 returned.

To understand the full extent of the legal cliff that the Sussexes are currently perched upon, the first thing that must be understood is the strict and unforgiving protocols of the British monarchy. This is the first thing you need to understand. There is a common misconception that a monarch bestowed titles on Archie and Lilibet because she was nice and generous to them. This is however not the case at all. They are not discretionary honours, hence they are not subject to discretion and it is not possible to confer or withdraw them at will. They are Prince and Princess by right of a legal instrument issued more than a century ago by their great-great-grandfather, King George V. This document bears the King’s authority.

In the wake of the First Great War and a growing swell of anti-German sentiment , the King in 1917 issued a Letters Patent that radically redefined and restricted who might bear the title of Prince or Princess and the style of Royal Highness . This was at a time when the world was running with a rising tide of anti-German feeling. The language of the document is quite specific and makes no concessions. The document says the titles are reserved for the children of the royal, the children of the sons of the sovereign and the eldest living son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales. Furthermore, the titles are reserved for the children of the sovereign's sons. The most important and unchangeable clause is the so-called “male-line.” This right is derived from the blood of the sovereign’s sons. There is no such thing as a family, you should be worried about your bloodline. This biological necessity has been accepted as a constitutional imperative in consonance with the Constitutional Law.

Given this information, it is possible to conclude that Archie and Lilibet’s entire royal identity – their titles, their place sixth and seventh in line to the throne, their claim to a birthright – rests on one incontrovertible fact: that Prince Harry is their biological father. This is not an insult but the basic idea on which the whole system of monarchy is founded. The very fact that this is being questioned The system that has been handed down through the last thousand years of the British monarchy puts a very high premium on paternity. This arrangement has been around since the inception of the monarchy. It is for this same reason that the events of the royal family’s birth have been the most carefully and attentively observed, chronicled and preserved under the gaze of the public throughout history. It is inconceivable that there could be any doubt. The succession chain has to be shown to be unbreakable.

It is this that makes the irregularities that appear on their birth certificates so damaging. A month later, document filed. somebody that is unjustly claimed a title. These features do not reflect a system that was designed with absolute clarity in mind. In addition to this, it puts a fresh and unpleasant light on the acts that Buckingham Palace itself has taken.  Archie and Lilibet were instantly promoted to the status of Prince and Princess in accordance with the rule that was in force in 1917 when King Charles III came to the throne in September of 2022.  However, this adjustment was not recorded on the official website of the royal family, which serves as the digital ledger of the monarchy.  Over the course of six arduous months, the children continued to be referred to as "Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor" and "Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor." This legal reality was permitted to go unnoticed by the Palace, which is an institution that is capable of moving at the speed of light when it is required to do so.  Was it just a case of administrative sluggishness? Or was it, for example, a time of great reluctance, a deliberate pause as the institution wrestled with the consequences of openly admitting a line of succession that was veiled in a fog produced by their parents? At long last, the titles were made available in March of 2023.  The six-month wait, on the other hand, will long remain a quiet monument to the tremendous uneasiness that dwells at the very core of the monarchy. 

How English law restored its own name and identity is the subject of the book "The Unseen Trap." 

The Sussexes have been protected from legal action for six years by a legal obstacle more formidable than any bunch of solicitors: the Atlantic Ocean. It was all legally pointless noise, the constant demands for DNA tests, the feverish internet debates, the speculative books. In the same manner that it had authority to decide the tides, an English court did not have authority to intervene in the lives of two children living in California. The legislation that may have demanded an answer was inactive and waiting for its conditions to be fulfilled. The High Court can order scientific testing to prove parentage in a legal case. This statute is Section 20 of the Family Statute Reform Act, 1969.

But there's always been something wrong, a key missing from the lock. The court cannot unilaterally strike out on a test to meet the curiosity of the broader public. To comply with the legislation, which is absolutely explicit, there must be current civil proceedings in which the question of parentage has been raised. Section 55A of the Family Law Act 1986 provides the mechanism for such actions. This section allows a person to apply for a "declaration of parentage." This was the firewall. The law stipulates that for a court to even hear such an application, one of the individuals concerned must be "domiciled" or, more importantly, "habitually reside. Whether it be the father, the mother, or the child, the law stipulates that the individual must be "domiciled" or, more importantly, "habitually reside.

In contrast, the key that unlocks the door is "habitual residence", not a term that is decided by the whims of a parent or by a declaration made for public relations. A judge will decide the legal status of a child on the basis of the circumstances surrounding a kid's life. For the purpose of ascertaining a child's habitual residence, the courts take into consideration the single most important criterion; the child's schooling. It represents the culmination of a life that has been spent in a new location, of putting down roots, and integrating into the new environment.

It was on that Wednesday in August when it emerged that Archie and Lilibet were not just visiting but had actually enrolled in schools that a quiet alarm sounded in the legal corridors of London. The family’s own spokesperson, in a masterclass of evasion, declined to say whether the move was “permanent”, calling it only “extended”. To the public, this looked like another of Meghan’s games with the media, designed to keep everyone guessing. For a lawyer, however, it was a red flag. Above all, the word “extended” was the clue.

The expressed purpose of the parents is relevant, but it is not decisive, according to legal experts who comprehend the situation properly. There is no way for a court to enquire about the plan from a publicist. It is looking at the youngster. In Gloucestershire, it depicts a young kid of seven years old dressed in his school outfit. It finds his sister registered at a local school. Despite the fact that it is rented, it depicts a family house that is stuffed with their belongings. In it, a parent makes a public appeal to the media to respect the children's right to privacy at these new schools. This appeal is, in and of itself, a significant recognition that the schools are a settled reality. On a Saturday, a child who is playing rugby is not considered a tourist. Under English law, the youngster in question is considered to be integrating. This child is in the process of becoming a permanent resident. The legal citadel of California is falling farther and further into the ocean with each passing day and each day that kids spend in an English school. The parents did not merely transport their children to Birmingham; rather, they transported them directly into the jurisdiction of the High Court. 

A look back at the decisions they’ve made in the past

Does this mean that some member of the court apparatus will be turning up at their rented house in the Cotswolds next week with a DNA testing kit? Highly unlikely indeed. There are still many legal hoops to be jumped through before a test can be ordered. Not every nosey journalist or disgruntled person with a grievance is allowed to bring a complaint under Section 55A. An applicant has to show the court that he or she has a "sufficient personal interest" in the subject. It is only people with a direct familial or financial interest in the subject, such as another prospective parent or a guardian, who are often able to clear this very high hurdle. A video on YouTube has attracted ninety thousand outraged comments,

Finally, and perhaps most importantly, there is a last protection. A judge could very reasonably look at a seven-year-old child and a five-year-old child and decide that subjecting them to such a globally publicised and traumatic process would do immense harm, and the judge could dismiss the case on that basis alone. The court has the power to refuse to even hear the application if it finds that it would not be in the 'best interests of the child' when the case involves a child.

But if one is so preoccupied with the prospect of an immediate test, one will not see the authentic and dreadful consequence of their action. Those who criticise them will not be successful in the test itself; instead, they will be successful in permanently destroying their immunity. Over the six years, their answer to every and each difficult question about the children's origins has been a wall of silence impossible to breach. Those who chose to stay silent were successful because there was no organization on the planet that had the authority to force a second question. There was no such thing as the jurisdiction. The requests were little more than a nuisance.

Currently, the jurisdiction is in effect. The person in charge is present. It is now possible for the High Court of Justice, an institution that has been around for centuries and does not care about public relations or celebrity status, to have a choice in the matter. The enquiries are no longer merely a nuisance; rather, they constitute a dormant legal danger that will continue to loom over their heads for as long as their children continue to reside in this nations territory. There is no longer a position of authority in the stillness; rather, it is the posture of a family that is surrounded by opposition. Lawyers are now required to review every public comment to see whether or not it could have an effect on the individual's residency status. The fact that their spokesperson chose not to use the word "permanent" was not a PR strategy; rather, it was an act of legal desperation on their part. By purchasing a home in the Cotswolds, they have exchanged their legal invincibility for the property. 

A LONG SHADOW THAT IS CONSISTING OF WINDSOR

Harry and Meghan are no longer the sole focus of this story. This is an issue that underlies the very basis of King Charles’s reign and casts a long shadow over the future of Prince William, the heir to throne. For the monarchy to remain stable, the public must have faith in the legitimacy of the succession. It is imperative that this line is seen to be pure, straightforward and unquestionable. It is destr

As a result of the Sussexes' efforts to provide their children with a life in the United Kingdom, they have unintentionally established a permanent point of leverage for the family that they had intended to overcome. The possibility of a legal proceeding, regardless of how remote it may be, is a potent card to carry. This ensures that they will remain silent and comply in a manner that no public statement could ever accomplish. A "birthright" to be a Prince or Princess was something that they asserted their offspring possessed. Actually, they were right. Inheritance is the means by which a birthright is passed on. Moreover, they have recently found out that a bloodline can be investigated in a building on the Strand by a judge who is dressed in a wig and does not care what anyone tweets about something. Over the course of six years, they conveyed to the outside world that the questions did not merit an answer. After that, they relocated to the one and only nation on the planet where the question can be asked in a genuine and appropriate manner.

Thanks for viewing the video! What do you think about this? Let us know your thoughts and see you in a future video!