Through the years, the name Marley has become almost synonymous with more than simply music, but a symptom of a worldwide movement of peace, solidarity and disobedience. A man is born to a heritage which is a jail and a kingdom. You could claim they got both of them. He has spent his life attempting to cope with this conflict and in the process he has created a phenomenally successful profession for himself. He has done it in the shadow of a father who is almost legendary. Damian Marley has been away from his family his whole childhood. This is because he is the youngest son of the famous Bob Marley aka Bob Marley.  He has been able to carve his own niche via his music, through the peculiar combination of reggae, dancehall and hip-hop music that he has established and through his music he has garnered Grammys and plaudits from a wide array of countries across the globe. But recently the carefully constructed ideal of family togetherness has been challenged by recurrent charges of deep-seated disintegration. That has put families in a tough spot. unfortunately it has endangered the image This has created a risk to the health and safety of the family. There has been talk of a behind-the-scenes conflict and the weight of these stories has only grown. The family’s cinematic tribute to the dad for the first time sparked the assumption that Damian’s seeming quiet and absence have fed. The absence and quiet of Damian have helped the claims. Damian’s absence and quiet have been a big contributor to this circumstance. Curiosity was running rampant and the family felt they needed to get ahead of the tale that was spinning out of their hands. The scenario also required the family to confront the story. It is not a simple story of a conflict between two renowned people, but a complex tale of identity, allegiance and the immense burden of sustaining a reputation shared in common by peoples everywhere. This is not an easy tale.

His father was a larger-than-life guy who'd already built a world by the time he was born. Damian Robert Nesta Marley, often known by his pseudonym “Jr. Gong”, was born into a cosmos previously built by his father. This cosmos is the way it is today because his father was here. At the age of two Bob Marley was diagnosed with the ailment that would finally kill him. He was left with a legacy he would come to know through music and stories when he was older - not his own memory. This was the inheritance he was to have. He was born in the year 1978. It was the year of his birth. His youth was a unique study in contrasts where he was exposed to his dualism upbringing which would form a vital part of his personality and creative activity later on. It would become in turn a significant aspect of his personality, his creativity. This ambivalence will eventually serve a major role not just in his personality but also in his art. He didn’t grow up in the destitute parts of Trenchtown his father sang about, but in the posh enclave of Stony Hill in Kingston. His father had sang about these areas. He would have been better educated in the ideal surroundings for his development. His future mother, jazz singer and model Cindy Breakspeare, was crowned Miss World in 1976. But she was going to be his mother. She was carrying her first child. She was also a woman who represented a different side of Jamaican society than the average person would. She was a Jamaican in a specific way to herself. And her life was a long way from the Rastafarian asceticism his father fought for. The classic hymn 'Is This Love?' was based on her relationship with Bob Marley. Her circumstances were very different, but this was in spite of. The song was written by Bob Marley . Marley’s dad was a Rastafari. He was at the celebration.

After his real father died, Damian was raised by his mother and his stepfather, Tom Tavares-Finson, a leading politician and criminal lawyer. Damian's mother was in this family too. During these years he was brought up in the home of his mother and stepfather. This is the house Damian grew up in. Among the many amazing achievements that took place in this environment, the appearance of Damian was especially astonishing. He adds that he was the only person in the family with a brown complexion and that he lived with his white Jamaican stepfather and younger siblings and that it was a daily reminder that he was of a different race. He said he was the only one in the family, aside from himself, that had a brown skin. He has also claimed that he alone was responsible for the proper running of the house.  And the ideological split was far more obvious than it had been before. This was a vast improvement on the condition of affairs. Marcus Garvey was a revolutionary rasta. He preached the collapse of the very systems, the "Babylon", that a man like his stepfather was a part of . His father was a firm believer in black independence through the teachings of Marcus Garvey. His father was a keen enthusiast for the cause of African freedom. His father was a Rasta. He was raised by a Rastafarian father and that was the faith he practiced. I had to live with diametrically conflicting views and it was like being forced to live at the intersection of two distinct Jamaicas. The view he received from this incidence gave him a unique perspective on the world and his deep social criticism which he would later express into his songs was based on this. Later he would carry this attitude to his songs. This view constituted the basis of his music, which was to be further developed on this. His family had a tremendous influence on his life, despite his early hopes of a career in design. This is an indisputable fact. Damian finished from high school and decided to pursue a career in music and live the Rastafarian beliefs his father instilled in him. He decided to get into music as well. He took one of the most important decisions of his life, to go for a wealthy career in the music business. He wanted to make his own place within the Marley name, but he chose to shoulder the burden of the Marley name. But he proved to be very tenacious, and ended up bearing the strain of the Marley name.

Although Damian’s older brothers had already brought the Marley brand to a new generation in the 1980s with the Melody Makers, lead by Ziggy, Damian’s method was significantly different to that of his siblings. This despite the fact that those older siblings had already passed the Marley name to a new generation. He wasn't happy only to imitate how his father spoke, he was looking for something that required a more subtle touch. He’s mixed into his music the roots reggae that was such a big part of his boyhood, the growing intensity of dancehall and the lyrical sophistication of hip-hop. This was done through the insertion of elements of both genres at the same time. In his American career he achieved a level of commercial success which had eluded even his legendary father. It was the combination of these creative attributes that made it happen. With their help he was able to do this. Bob Marley and the Wailers were massively influential worldwide but never got into the US Top Ten. Even though they were a huge name This was despite the fact that they had a significant presence in other parts of the world. The inspiration for the song came from Damian while working on the seismic hymn “Welcome to Jamrock. And he’d had a platinum hit with his groundbreaking collaboration with electronic dance music producer Skrillex, “Make It Bun Dem.” He’d done the impossible. He had made the Marley sound seem as if it was of the past and of the present at the same time. On the other hand, this feat brought countless questions and comparisons to a father that he hardly knew, a ghost, at the same time, mysterious and the most known characteristic of him. And the things which he had done. Thus it was during the full time of his flowering. It was something he had to confront and he could not avoid it. Soon after this internal struggle over identity began, the broader populace was inundated with tales of an external struggle. Then the people began to hear rumors. That said, this was all on top of the fact that the struggle itself was hard. This debate strained his connection with his own brother Ziggy and this fight jeopardized the carefully maintained veneer of unity that the family had been trying to uphold.

Rumors of a fight between Damian and Ziggy Marley are said to have appeared out of nowhere and there is no proof to substantiate the claim that these stories are genuine. The bulk of their labor was focused on their largest stake in the industry, the long-awaited biography “Bob Marley: One Love.” Ziggy and his sister Cedella were executive producers and the main caretakers when their father’s story was presented on television. They were management. So they were. It was their job to make sure the information was totally true. It was a great success at the box office and had an incredible opening weekend. This resulted in a substantial number of reviews being underestimated. And it had a great opening weekend.” The film was a smash hit when it was released in theaters on Valentine’s Day, and quickly became a public favorite. By contrast, the artistic choices made behind the scenes gave rise to controversy and mistrust, since they were unique, since they were made for the first time. There was some initial pushback to British actor Kingsley Ben-Adir being cast in the lead role with some saying Bob should have been played by a Jamaican, or even one of the Marley kids. That made me wonder a little about the choice first. In the end, the majority of people praised the option, but it received a significant amount of criticism. To be clear, Cindy Breakspeare, Damian's mother and a crucial figure in Bob’s later life, did not appear in the last version of the film. This was to give further information. There were a great many persons present at the time viewing the scene who were of the opinion that this absence was very apparent.

The activities that Damian himself made or did not make in reaction to the circumstance were a contributing factor which contributed to the deepening of the supposition about the scenario. And that was one of the circumstances that created the presumption. No one believed that he never showed up at any of the movie’s big premieres, in Jamaica or anyplace else in the world. Where the premieres took place did not important in this sense. No difference. His silence on the film was especially deafening, as he never mentioned it on any of his social media profiles, in these age of 24/7 digital involvement. And that was a remarkable absence, of very remarkable attention. What was remarkable was that the film was no longer being promoted. He also wasn’t involved in the picture-heavy marketing efforts. Damian was at a nonviolent demonstration against his own family. He felt his mother had been humiliated. That's how the story began and then it just started to develop on its own, without any planning, without any assistance from anybody. The reports that Ziggy had been in a large fight became the most important subplot by the time the movie was released to the public, during the same time period the movie was produced. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Ziggy found the strength to break the silence that had fallen over the family. The boom grew louder and louder, the terrible sound increasing in volume with each passing moment. In an interview he addressed the claims square on, calling them theatrics blown out of proportion with no real evidence. He said the allegations were not credible in a statement. "The fake speculations were immaterial," he remarked. He said he talked a lot with his siblings. “My family hasn’t been involved in any mass fights like this,” he said. Such problems don’t exist at our house,” he said. He also maintained there was no fight between them at that time. He also said that there was no disagreement between them on anything. Damian wasn’t around since he was busy with other work, he said, but at the same time maintained that the Marley family was still united. The explanation came at the same time. He also informed him that the Marley family was alive and well. His last argument was the great reaction the film had from the public, however he recognized that there is a possibility that some of the critiques of the film were valid. The film had a good acceptance from the audience, it was noted. Many were still left with ambiguity as to what had caused the situation to develop, even if Ziggy’s words were clearly an attempt to quiet the storm. The apparently dramatic episode pointed up the tremendous difficulties in dividing a single, significant bequest among a great number of offspring. It was the drama that seemed to be developing that revealed these issues.

The Marley brothers presented their own indisputable proof of unity and they did it in a public and spectacular fashion. There is no denying this evidence.  This proof is not to be doubted. They denied any possible conflict of interest that the previous comment might have implied. During the “Legacy Tour,” a series of concerts held around North America, five of Bob Marley’s children participated in a variety of musical performances. The concerts covered a wide spectrum of musical styles. The boys' names were Ziggy, Stephen, Damian, Ky-Mani and Julian. Finally they concluded that this vacation would be the best thing for them after twenty years had gone by since they last traveled together. This was not only an homage but a living and breathing symbol of the peace that can be found within a family and the efforts that are made to attain a common goal. There was no sign of a quarrel between them when they were on stage, but there was an electric chemistry that demonstrated the degree of their dedication to one another when they were performing. Between the five brothers, they had twenty-two Grammy Awards to share the limelight. Such is the situation with siblings and sisters who have been raised in great circumstances. The five brothers have won a combined 22 Grammy Awards since they were born. They have together won a total of twenty-two Grammy Awards in their career. The program normally began with video of their father prepping for his set, then the boys came out to carry the torch and exchange verses on such classic songs as “Natural Mystic” and “Get Up, Stand Up.” This was before the boys themselves got to take the torch. And many times this would happen before the boys themselves would come out to carry the torch. This would be performed again and again before the boys themselves stepped out to carry the torch. 

The meeting was organized like manner, it was a terrific example of the necessity to show respect for each other in the upcoming activities. The performance was more of a constant interchange of energy than a presentation that was hierarchical. Because it wasn’t a performance that was hierarchical in character. So the eldest Ziggy might start things off with a soul-drenched “Coming in From the Cold,” then back off and let Julian to work the crowd with “Positive Vibrations.” Then Ky-Mani could take over for “Heathen,” followed by the heavy-duty delivery of “Rebel Music” by Stephen. Then the metaphorical baton could be handed to Damian, who would unleash his raw intensity on “Concrete Jungle.” They worked together in a seamless way, with Ziggy and Stephen sharing vocals on the song “War,” which flowed directly into Damian’s lead contribution on the song “No More Trouble.” A combined power that was stronger than the sum of its parts, this was the realization of the legacy that Bob Marley left behind. It wasn’t only nostalgia. It was greater than all that together. They were provided a platform, with the idea of giving each brother an opportunity to perform his own innovative musical inventions. The audience was conscious of the fact that they are more than simply the guardians of a name, they are on top of that independent musicians. This brought their attention to the fact that they were all of these things. Each brother had a stage on his own. Julian played his song "Boom Draw", Ky-Mani performed "New Heights" and Stephen and Damian performed their song "Medication" which is still believed to be their anthem today. All these performances were performed during the event. The journey proved that at the core of the Marley family, through the challenges and the scrutiny, there is still a connection of love and music and that’s a big message. But this is susceptible to public scrutiny . You can see it in that the journey has been underway for quite some time now.

Before the book scandal, Damian Marley was busy carving up a career that could be seen as separate from the family name. That was true in the years leading up to the scandal. He also formed the Shephards, a teenage music group responsible for the inception of the Reggae Sunsplash festival in 1992, at just 13 years old. So in fact he created the Shephards. He was already airborne on the enterprise he was about to undertake. Soon after the band’s break-up, he started his solo career through his father’s record firm, Tuff Gong Entertainment. He made his music debut. Then he went off on his own as a solo performer. He carried on with this and began his career as a solo performer. His debut album, Mr. Marley, had a deejay style, with rhythmic, patois-influenced vocal delivery more akin to dancehall than his father's lyrical crooning. His father was more musical. This was something that caught a lot of folks out. This signal made it very clear that he would not be a mere carbon-copy of the original. That was a pretty clear message. His second album with the same name was released in the year 2001 with the name “Halfway Tree”. This record was a fantastic personality statement for him, and it was created by himself. His father had come from the slum end of town, his mother from the more affluent side. His mom was from the affluent side of town. It was a gesture to both of his families, not to mention the fact that it was a direct allusion to the fact that he had come from two separate families. Damian is on the cover of the CD. He is photographed in front of the landmark clock tower at Halfway Tree, a cultural crossroads in Kingston. In the city of Kingston you will see the Halfway Tree. He won his first Grammy Award in 2002 for the album he produced with his brother Stephen in the category of Best Reggae album. The effort won him his first Grammy Award. His dual ethnicity was the source of the title of the CD. He was rewarded with a prize for the record he had set.

In 2005 he released his third studio album “Welcome to Jamrock” which gave him the push that put him on the path that ultimately made him a celebrity known all over the world. The CD came out in 2005. This song managed to portray a brutally honest and vivid picture of the poverty and political violence that was consuming Jamaica at the time. The song title is based on the fact that it was able to paint this picture. In short, it was a frightening traditional riddim for the background music, and the idea came from Sly and Robbie. The song was condemned in the United States for the unflattering image of the island it presented, but its honesty resonated internationally. That was in the song, too. One of the lecturers at the college said the song used the metaphor of the inner city to give a powerful warning and call for reflection. This was announced in a statement. The instructor made the comment to us. Also, the album sold over half a million copies in the US and the song was a big hit. The two triumphs were at the same time. Damian made history by winning two Grammys in one night, the first Jamaican reggae artist to achieve this feat. This achievement secured his place in the annals of history. He won and achieved many of his goals and accomplishments at the 2006 Grammy Awards. And the music industry rewarded him two prizes, Best Reggae Album and Best Urban/Alternative Performance. For him, these two trophies were both major landmarks. He succeeded in the latter category, and was able to show his music did not fit into the traditional boxes of any genre. This was a most important feat and he himself might have accomplished it.

Since then, Damian has steadily been moving in the direction of the artistic goals he had originally set for himself. In 2010, he collaborated with legendary Queens rapper Nas on a full length album called “Distant Relatives.” The record was put out for the public. One of the areas of research that was being explored was an extensive inquiry into the common African roots of hip-hop and reggae. The tracks on the album were spread across the record and covered a variety of subjects from ancestry to poverty and social justice. It was a critical and commercial triumph, and the album's first appearance on the Billboard 200 chart, debuting in the top five. The record was starting to take off, and the premiere was coincidental. Some of the profits from the album were to be utilized to build schools in east Congo. In 2011 he joined the supergroup SuperHeavy as a founding member and his collaborative spirit soared to new heights. This was his time to come into his own. And now he reached levels of accomplishment never before seen. The idea for the project actually came from Dave Stewart of Eurythmics. This attempt gave Damian the opportunity to work with The Rolling Stones’ leader, Mick Jagger, soul singer, Joss Stone and A. R. Rahman is an Academy Award winning composer for his contribution to the industry. The trio had a wide variety of musical styles including rock, reggae, soul and Indian orchestrations which only solidified Damian's status of being a versatile artist with a worldwide name. This was because the group was flexible and had a wide variety of musical styles. His fourth studio album, “Stony Hill,” was another blockbuster in 2017. It was released in 2017. He also earned another Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album for lifetime achievements. He titled the record after the neighborhood where he started his life. But through all that has happened, Damian has been a consistent proponent of his musical vision and he has not distinguished between dancehall and reggae. He has not strayed from the artistic approach that he has built up throughout the course of his painting career. He believes that everything is a part of the wonderfully woven tapestry that is Jamaican culture. He thinks so. He has revived this tradition for today, but also preserved it for centuries to come. He has this perspective and thinks everything should be seen as part of the fabric.