He's coming home. He's coming home. And
it is not the man we want home. Prince
Harry now admitting his desire, his
plot, his secret ploy, his plan. You can
use whatever term you want to overturn
the Sandrreen summit and reverse Megit,
announcing to the Sunday Times and its
Royal editor, Roya, that he'll be back
every few months. Oh, and by the way,
that is just the beginning. Do you think
the king has said hell no?
Unfortunately, not. Here's the new
reporting. The Duke of Sussex will
return, quote, more and more to the UK
over the next year after his successful
family reunion with the king last month.
Prince Harry, 41, is set to visit
Britain every few months and will return
in September for about a week. He will
undertake a series of engagements with
WellChild, the charity supporting
seriously ill children, of which he is a
patron, and the Invictus Games, which
will be held in Birmingham next summer.
No decision has been made on whether the
Duchess of Sussex or their children
Archie and Lily will travel from
California to join Harry during the
visit. Can I just say I don't care. Do
you? Like, are we all just going to sign
up for this merrygoround time and again?
But the Sunday Times goes on. It is
understood that Harry wants to spend
more time in the UK for several reasons.
The money's run out. No one wants to
hire me anymore. Megan's an absolute
at home. Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
They're not the reasons. He wants to try
and see his father and his wider family
more frequently. Interesting. He didn't
care about that in the past, did he? and
also feels he can more effectively
support his UKbased charities and
patronages including the Halo Trust and
Scotty's Little Soldiers with more
regular in-person engagements and
meetings. That's it. That's all he's got
going on. A source close to Harry said
the template for his visits has been
working well. So, the frequency of trips
will increase, especially in the run-up
to Invictus, which he's determined to
make the best games yet. So, he'll be
coming back and forth a lot more every
few months. The way the wind is blowing,
he's going to want to be here more and
more. He's happy these trips can now
have more focus on the patronages and be
less obscured by the other nonsense. Oh,
what, Harry? The other nonsense, like
you accusing your own family members of
being racist. Do you think we've just
forgotten?
He wants more of a foothold here, the
source went on. More trips back, less
courtroom drama. Interesting. I don't
think any of us were forcing him into
those legal battles. Do you do you think
that? And what about the marriage? We
just going to accept that he doesn't now
want to spend much time with Meghan
Markle at all and everyone's just going
to pretend as if that's totally normal.
Oh, and by the way, the source adds,
"And he always loves seeing his family."
Well, not William, not Catherine, the
Princess of Wales, not Zara and Mike
Tindle, not Princess Anne.
Not so phenol Edwards. So who's he
talking about?
The article goes on. Harry is still
battling with the Home Office to have
his threat level and security
requirements reviewed after losing a
longunning legal battle with the
government last year to have his
automatic police protection reinstated
in the UK. It is understood that
Sussex's visit last month went off
without any hitches. Okay. So, so let me
get this straight. The battle with the
government is still continuing at a time
when we have just seen the assassination
of my friend Anne Whitikim, a right-wing
politician here in the United Kingdom.
There is huge need to protect people
like the reform UK leader Nigel Fraj who
has also been subjected to a slew of
death threats. Yet Harry is still
continuing the battle even though the
visit last month he now admits went off
with any security hitches. No, Harry,
you can just keep doing what you did.
You can come on. Actually, next time,
please don't announce it. Don't tell
anyone. Just come and do your thing.
Leave. Seriously, you don't need
security. While Harry and Megan demand
special treatment and attack the royals,
the mainstream media still protects
them. On outspoken, I call it out with
no bias. So, subscribe right now for the
full story every day. Royanica goes on
to report the prince is also hoping to
return to Ukraine. Yeah, that really
safe place in the coming months. He has
visited the country twice in the past
two years to support those wounded in
the war with Russia. The king is
expected to be at Balmoral in Scotland
on a summer break next month when Harry
returns and it is not known whether they
plan to meet again. Sources close to
Harry said that no decision has yet been
made on whether he will stay at
Buckingham Palace during his visit. So
again, that little dangling carrot of
Harry at Buckingham Palace, something
that destroys our view of the monarchy,
sadly still there, at least not
confirmation of it. And of course, we
had previously reported suggestions that
Charles may well have asked Harry to
Balmoral. But again, he can fly in and
out with no one having to know.
Seriously, there is no need for these
briefings. You are a private citizen. If
you want to see your friends and family,
not many of them want to see you, but if
you want to see them, then fine. Just
come in. Come out. Zip it. Just like
Taylor Swift does, just like Mark
Zuckerberg does, just like Elon Musk
does. Zip it. Té Buckhai posting Prince
Freedom Flight Harry is the biggest
gaslighter in the world. Oh my god,
that's how I felt after reading this.
Terra, honestly, he always gets it
right. This article says he wants less
courtroom drama and he always loves
seeing his family. The failed litigation
was all his and Pabrain helped portray
his own family as trapped racists. He's
an utter creep. Britney Gatory added,
"If that is truly what he wants, then
maybe he should stop suing anyone who
dares to disagree with him or hold him
and his wife accountable. Maybe he
should visit his family without briefing
the press on his every move, only to
turn around and complain that his
privacy has been violated." At this
point, I wouldn't believe Harry if he
told me the sky was blue. And as Britney
from the Royal News Network pointed out,
so what happened to the alleged risk
that was so great to Harry and his
family? Did it ever exist at all? No.
But it was sure convenient for Harry and
Megan at the time. Now that it isn't,
poof risk is a forgotten memory to royal
YouTube sensation Pete Diner. Oh, this
just I'm sorry. This just fills me with
dread. P D like trust me this country,
the disunited kingdom, we are going
through a lot at the moment. Okay, there
there there's a lot going on. There's a
lot here going on politically. There's a
lot going on in terms of the safety of
high-profile people who are speaking the
truth. Nigel Farage firebombed. Anne
Whitakerim, my friend, assassinated.
There's now a huge culture war going on
after the death by suicide of Jason
Aday. The Cambridge professor who was
viewed as a DEI hire, then took his own
life. Like seriously, the last thing
this country needs is regular visits
every few months from Mr. Culture War,
Mr. Troublemaker, Mr. Your Racist
himself, Prince Harry. And spare me,
Pete Diner, the idea that he's doing
this because he hates the courtroom and
he wants to see his family more. I mean,
he's doing this out of desperation.
Desperation because nothing has worked
in Hollywood. He's got no work.
Literally no work. No work in America at
all. It all flop. And he, you know, as
we have discussed a lot, he he does want
to spend increasing amounts of time away
from his difficult life. That's the
truth. It's not what Roya is
propagandizing here for Harry.
>> Yes. So I have to agree with you and it
all almost begs the question why is he
putting this information into the press?
It doesn't make any sense. But if you
look at it from the perspective that
Megan and Harry may be in conflict with
his decision to go back frequently or to
the fact that he's even putting this out
into the press, it could be a way to
send a message to his wife that that is
what we're getting ready to do. We're
getting ready to go back more often
because we're going to move back
eventually. I think there's a bigger
reason why we're hearing about this that
is not obvious and I think it has to do
with Megan because you have to remember
we had been getting briefings on Harry
and Megan with contradictions
for a while and Megan I think would put
out something and then Harry would put
out something that completely
contradicted each other and I think
that's why he's doing it. I can't say
for sure 100% but that's what makes
sense right because otherwise why would
you announce all of this why is this
information that we need to know about
you know
>> 100% this is all about managing the
expectations though too of the public
isn't it this is what's coming this is
why it's coming
>> and look we we keep seeing pinina
examples of the failure terrible
examples of the failure now of course
there is the fail failure of the
marriage. Okay, so that is one side of
it. But you know, maybe that could have
trucked on a little bit longer for all
of the reasons that we have discussed
regularly if it wasn't for the desperate
commercial failure. Because of course,
the commercial failures, the lack of
being able to make money continues to
heap the pressure on the marriage. And
that is now what is making this all feel
more urgent. Look, I know there's a few
reasons behind a P D because of course
you can also say the king's health is
one of those reasons, right? Like we've
got to get in quickly
because we know the king will not be
here for years and years and years to
come. I mean, he might be here for a
good few years, but you understand what
I'm saying. Poner, he does have a
terminal cancer diagnosis. And I guess
this weekend we get the ultimate proof.
And maybe we're all desensitized now to
the level of commercial failure coming
from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, but
it really is worth pointing out. And you
know, I've been all across this over the
past week, but it really is pointing out
just how much of a failure Cookie Queens
has been because the movie is screening
now Piner in just a handful of
independent theaters, but it has dropped
below the threshold for regular weekend
reporting. But look at this. According
to the numbers.com
and box office emoji, when you actually
tracked the per the take for Cookie
Queens, it is disastrous. Friday, August
the 7th, $275.
Saturday, August the 8th, $253.
Sunday, August the 9th, $266. Monday,
August the 10th, $91.
Tuesday, August the 11th, $110.
Wednesday, August 12th, $97. Thursday,
August the 13th, $58. So, at that point,
the movie is completely commercially
unsustainable.
What they wanted to have happen is that
it went into its number of theaters and
that there was buzz and that more
theaters wanted to take it on and that
is where a word of mouth hit happens.
But that isn't what happened. You know,
it's the last day where it was showing
wide enough. $58 per screen. I mean,
it's a disaster. And the Royal News
Network has also been across this,
writing, "It appears that Meghan
Markle's Cookie Queen's production
didn't do so well in its second
weekend." I mean, I would say Britney's
understating things there, but she says,
"The latest weekend estimates don't even
have it in the top 34 films. This is
subject to change and likely will, but I
don't think it'll get much better. I
also double checked and it seemed like
Cookie Queens will end its theater run
in most places on Wednesday of next
week, though there are some dates
continuing into Thursday in LA as well.
Overall, this has been a failure given
how I'm sure the entire Cookie Queens
production team and crew were thinking
Meghan Markle's association could propel
it to success. There has been some talk
that Megan will submit this film for an
Oscar, but that's not a surprise. A lot
of films get submitted for Oscar
contention, both worthy and unworthy.
However, given its dismal run and
reception, it's highly highly unlikely
that Cookie Queens will get much
traction with the Academy. Most Oscar
bait comes out in the last four months
of the year. So, the most promising
titles will debut then. If box office
mattered, it should be Manania that gets
a nod given that it's been the highest
grossing with $16.7 million. But
politics will prevent that from
happening. Cookie Queens is also not the
type of film that would excite the
Academy. So again, I don't think it gets
a nomination even if it's submitted. I
imagine all of the producers on the
film, and there are a lot, will come out
of this film after it's all said and
done with pennies on the dollar, except
for the desperate ones hoping to roll
the dice. I think most will avoid
partnering with Harry and Megan for any
nonroyal related film or television
project. Their track record is
absolutely
abysmal
at this point. And Pete Dina, it is just
worth taking a moment. You know, a week
on any hope that Cookie Queens was going
to get this word of mouth or actually it
was just starting slow because, you
know, people needed to hear more about
it and the friends needed to talk to
their friends and people were going to
see Spider-Man and the Odyssey.
All of the excuses that were used Piner
have now been blown out the water. I
mean, this is
>> I mean, I've seen people try and make
excuses for this. No, this is just an
out and out disastrous flop. Save your
excuses. The numbers do not lie. The box
office takes do not lie.
>> Yes. And you know, you think about it,
Megan really is box office poison. She
really is. You would think that she
would be able to draw people in. But
what it does, it proves that she has no
pulling power. Imagine if it were
Princess Diana. Imagine how many people
would be drawn to something with someone
like Diana. And it just shows you that
Megan thought she would have the pool,
the name, the title to lure people in
because it was something that she's
doing. But all it does, it validates her
failure. It validates that her name
means absolutely nothing. It shows
people that you can't rely on her to
bring any good to a project. It shows
you that anything that she is attached
to will fail because she has the
repellent effect. People don't want to
be drawn to anything that she's, you
know, attached to. It's the complete
opposite. I know for me personally and a
lot of other people, if they see she's
attached to it, it makes people want to
go away. They don't want to be
associated with anything with Megan. And
this is what it shows you. It is a
validation of Megan's brand. It is
toxic. It is something that repels
people and you can't rely on it to help
you. It will bring disaster. That's what
it will do. So, I just think Megan
miscalculated thinking that she would
have this power of a name and connection
to bring people in and it's the complete
opposite, you know. So, I think people
would definitely support if it were
Diana. And that's how I know that when I
see anything with Diana attached to it,
it it's going to be a good thing in
terms of if it were her alive, you know,
her being there physically, which we
know is never going to happen. So, it's
almost like don't try to even do
anything with Diana now, Megan, because
you're just going to make that a failure
because that would be the logical thing,
which we know they're going to try to do
with this documentary that they've been
trying to, you know, shoot coverage for.
So, it it just validates Megan's brand
is a dud. Seriously, there's proof.
[laughter]
>> Total proof. Absolute total proof. And
the thing is P Dina this also makes
sense now as to why she was so desperate
for Netflix to take the documentary and
again why Netflix was right not to take
the documentary because actually people
wouldn't have watched it on there
either.
But first, if you've tried to quit
vaping or smoking and keep ending up
back where you started, you need to hear
about fume. And here's the reframe.
Okay, this is important. You are not the
problem. How you're trying to quit is
nicotine pouches, patches, and gum deal
with the chemical side. Cold turkey
leaves you white nut clean on willpower
alone. The real issue is that vaping
isn't just about nicotine. It's a habit.
Now, I've seen this up close. I will
admit it because my fiance has been
working to quit vaping. And the hardest
part hasn't been willpower. It's those
automatic moments where the hand reaches
for something without even thinking.
That's why Fume works. It's a flavored
air device that gives your hands, mouth,
and brain something better to reach for
when cravings hit. No nicotine, no
vapor, no batteries. Fume isn't a vape.
It's designed to distract you from
craving when willpower isn't enough. It
feels like a real object, though, not a
gadget. So, it's fidget satisfying. And
the mint cores give a nice throat hit,
not as strong as a vape, which is
exactly the point. There are over 10
interchangeable flavors from classic
peppermint, crisp mint to spearmint ice,
maple pepper, and peach blush. Over a
million people have already used fume to
quit differently. So, grab a journey
pack and get a free gift with purchase
using my code outspoken. Addiction is
really good at saying later. Don't let
it. Head to tryfume.com. So that is t r
y fum m.com
and use the code outspoken for a free
gift with your first purchase. I'm going
to pop a link in the description below
this video and thank you to Fume by the
way. Such an important product for
sponsoring today's episode. But now back
to the show.
>> Exactly. I mean, Megan has a proven
brand and that is is that people repel
against anything that she is attached to
and anything that you do with her is
going to be a failure. I mean, just look
at the things that happen with Megan
when she just goes to different events.
She's had three major problems with
A-listers.
Martha Stewart,
uh, uh, Chris Kardashian,
right? And uh who was the third one,
Dan? There was another A-listister. Um
issues with I know Kevin Cosner. Uh she
just she brings trouble. She she just
doesn't bring any goodness.
>> I mean Gwennneth Paltro too.
>> Say anything. Has there been one thing
nothing?
>> Yeah.
>> That she's been associated with that's a
good thing.
>> Yeah. Beyonce we see there there Jamie
Kina. I mean there's been a load she's
had big trouble with actually. And the
thing is P Dina most people don't want
it to blow up into a public battle so
they don't say much about it. But I mean
we even saw it with Po the Master Chef
judge recently in Australia too. Uh
Peter look another fascinating story has
emerged over the weekend. This in
regards to Lady Victoria Harvey a
regular here on Outspoken.
And this reporting from the Telegraph is
that Sarah Ferguson Fergie tried to put
Andrews ex in touch with the FBI boss
Cash Battel. The email correspondents is
released in a cache of records relating
to the AY's review of its Epstein
holdings. Now, for a reminder, and Lady
V really does divide opinion. You know,
I always like to have out the
discussions, have out the debates, and
I've always had them on outspoken, even
though personally I really love Lady V.
I don't agree with her on a lot of
stuff. But what's interesting is that
this revelation sort of proves she has
absolutely been backed directly by Sarah
Ferguson and Andrew Mountbaston wins.
Here's just a little reminder of some of
our previous debates here on outspoken
after the publication of the Epstein
files are still saying that you don't
believe Virginia Dry and Andrew even had
even had consensual sex. You still
believed that that photo is a fake.
>> Absolutely.
>> What's going on there, Lady V?
>> You were falsely accused and for you to
jump the gun on this, you went there
just for clicks. I messaged Leah, who's
Galen's lawyer. Galen was a trained
emergency medical technician. He's
learning to give someone CPR there, you
think?
>> Yeah, it's it's part of the cause.
>> Are you saying, Lady V, that [music]
Andrew is also suicidal?
>> They've taken everything from him and
there's nothing proven. Charles's ex was
killed by the press and now his brother
is. If you're not in those files, it
just [music] means that you were a bit
of a loser.
>> You said you were a bit of a loser. What
do you mean by that?
>> So, here is the new reporting from the
Telegraph. Sarah Ferguson tried to put
Andrew Mountbatton Windsor's
ex-girlfriend in touch with Cash Patel.
Director of the FBI new file suggested
the former Duchess of York asked a
conduit to email Mr. Patel's office in
March 2025, the month after he was
appointed to lead the US law enforcement
and domestic security agency to pass
along contact details for Lady Victoria
Harvey, a British socialite. In an email
to Mr. Patel on March the 6th, 2025,
David Walker, an FBI attache, said,
"Director Patel, the Duchess of York,
Sarah Ferguson, reached out and wanted
to provide contact details for Victoria
Harvey. The Duchess was under the
impression you requested this contact
information. He provided a phone number
for Lady Victoria and urged Mr. Patel to
get in touch." Mr. of Mount Batton
Windsor continues to face questions over
the extent of his friendship with
Epstein after files published earlier in
2026 showed he remained in close contact
with the pedophile after claiming to
have cut ties. Mr. Ferguson was married
to Mr. Mountbat and Windsor from 1986 to
1996 and is understood to have been
friendly with Lady Victoria who dated
him briefly in 1999.
Both have staunchly defended the former
prince in the wake of allegations
regarding his friendship with Jeffrey
Epstein, a convicted sex offender who
died in 2019 while awaiting trial on sex
trafficking charges. The emails showing
Mr. Mountbat and wins his ex's trying to
get in touch with Mr. Patel do not
contain any mention of Epstein, but were
published by the FBI in a cache of
documents titled records regarding the
review of the investigative holdings
related to Jeffrey Epstein. The
correspondence was sent a year before
embarrassing details of both Ms.
Ferguson's and Lady Victoria's close
links with Epstein were made public and
files released by the US Department of
Justice. She is said to have sought out
Mr. Patel's contact details after
meeting him at the Trump International
Golf Club in Florida in January 2025
alongside Donald Trump and Antonio
Marshall. Ms. Ferguson's longtime
assistant Bloomberg first reported. The
British socialite posted photos of
herself with the incoming FBI director
and the US president at his golf resort
that month. Mattel responded to Mr.
Walker's email, "Thanks for the relay.
Remind me who Victoria Harvey is." The
FBI documents contain no further emails
about Mrs. Ferguson or Lady Victoria.
And an FBI spokesman told Mr. Bloomberg,
so told Bloomberg that Mr. Patel does
not know who this Victoria Harvey person
is. As you can see from the emails
reference that he has taken photos with
thousands of people. So look Piner Lady
Victoria and I have spoken a lot about
this on the show. I've spoken to her
about this privately. For me, I guess
what this proves is that she is being
backed by Andrew Mountbat and Windsor
and Sarah Ferguson, which is something
that I have consistently asked her and
she's always suggested that that is
likely without dropping uh the total
pretense of doing this independently.
What do you make of it?
>> Uh well, I mean, it does sound like
there is some connection there. And I've
always thought that there was a
connection only because I mean from the
very beginning she was coming out and
trying to show you know the the Sai
Andrew side of things. I couldn't
imagine that she would be doing that and
not have permission to do that. So I I
mean absolutely I think this shows you
that uh they are backing her at that
time and uh she is someone that was
trying to be the voice for Andrew at a
time when you know he couldn't speak out
or he wouldn't speak out. So it's it
makes logical sense to me. I mean I do
like her though. I think she um she
gives an interesting side to things.
She's um you know someone I think that's
seems pretty credible in terms of the
things that she speaks about um only you
know some things that you know people
disagree with her one but I find her to
be someone that um would would likely
support that side for Andrew and Fergie
for that matter um only because of her
background and everything that she said
in the past.
>> Yeah. And look the thing is you don't
have to agree with Lady Victoria Harvey
on everything. I don't. What I respect
is the fact that she has been the one
who has fronted up. And what I didn't
like is when Piers Morgan
tried to humiliate her and silenced her.
That's what he, you know, you're
disgusting. Cut her mic. He said, "Cut
her mic. Cut her mic. Cut her mic." That
to me is performative. It's like your
show is called Uncensored and you're
cutting her mic because you don't like
what she's saying. You don't have to
invite her on. You know, you don't have
to invite her on. And I know there are
people like Lauren the insider who are
very opposed to what Lady Victoria
Harvey thinks. But I want to have the
debate. That's always my view. Let's
have the debate. Let's have both sides
and let's keep trying to find out the
truth because actually we can't just
assume that we have received all of the
truth in this case. And that relates to
everything by the way. That relates to
the death of Jeffrey Epstein, the death
of Virginia Du Frry, uh the true extent
of who covered up for Andrew. There's a
whole load of questions that need to be
answered. But also, we als we we we
can't just assume that everything bad
that is said about Andrew Mountbat in
Windsor is true as well. Do you know
what I mean? There are two sides to this
story. And Virginia did lie about
certain things. And that's not to say
she's all bad and that she wasn't a
victim. Pete Dina, you know, there's
nuance here.
>> You have to do that. I think it gives
you credibility as well because it shows
that sometimes someone can make up a lie
and then other people could you like try
to come on that bandwagon and continue a
lie and you got to have the other side
to that because sometimes there are
explanations for things that may seem
bad but then there's an explanation. I'm
not saying that's the case here, but you
have to leave that door open to have
someone come in and speak on the side of
the person that's being, you know,
talked about in such a negative light
all the time. I think it provides a
well-covered story and you have the
information in a way to make a a
judgment. You don't just have one side
of it. And I think that's what she
provided. And I think she did a great
job at it. I really do. some of the
things that she said I thought were
pretty credible um or things that I
would look more into like when she was
on Piers Morgan's show talking about um
the room and the area with the pictures
and I just found that information to be
interesting and to to look further into
and so that's why I thought she gave a
good um side to that information around
the the photo.
>> Yeah. And you don't get that in the
mainstream media of course. Uh but look,
that's why you've got to sign up to our
substack www.outsspoken.life.
And we've got big news about Prince
Harry and why really he is just
unimaginable in his cruelty actually as
he pulls Princess Diana's funding from
the people who he claims to care about
in Africa. Honestly, I'm really sickened
by the story. So P Diner and I are going
to get into all of the details on that
over on Substack. You can join us at
www.outspoken.live.
I hope to see you there. Dan Morton
Outspoken is your no spin, no bias, no
censorship outlet for independent news.
We have no big tech backing or
billionaires pulling my strings. [music]
But that does mean I need your support.
So please hit subscribe on YouTube, turn
on the notification bell, and subscribe
to Dan Morton Outspoken on Spotify or
Apple Podcasts. It's totally free, but
allows me [music] to continue my promise
to always keep fighting for you.