she was deliberately blocking her
because she was transfixed on David with
that big, you know, feral sort of grin
that she has.
>> Another drugs cover-up, a new security
scam,
and a pesky celebrity revealing the
truth. Just another day in the life of
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry,
who now
may well be
a masochist,
as Nancy Sidley asked after this video
went viral.
>> balloon thrown to my head after being
pelted three times in my stomach, and I
really enjoyed it.
>> Uh!
Weirdo. I guess you'd have to be a
masochist, right, to want to stay
married to Meghan Markle. And what about
these claims that the pair are plotting
an apology, a public apology to the
British royal family? Well, royal
YouTube sensation, according to Taz, is
not buying it. Writing Harry and Meghan
are toying with the idea of a public
apology to the king to give him, quote,
the respect he wants without forcing the
couple to walk back every interview,
documentary, or page of spare.
Well, that's not an apology, then, is
it? It's an attention grab.
Tash, so much to get into today, and of
course I do want to come to word of this
apology, but
I think Nancy Sidley's onto something,
isn't isn't she? There is something
quite masochistic these days about a
certain duke.
>> Yeah.
It was.
>> he's talking about I I don't know. I
mean, I don't want anybody twisting
this, but it's a bit weird that he's
having a conversation about kids, and
he's like, yeah, yeah, you know, the
kids kept hurting me, and I quite
enjoyed it. I don't know, it made me
feel a little bit maybe just because
I've reached that point with Harry that
I think he's an absolute idiot. And then
when he says things like this, it just
makes me cringe. It's the sort of things
he might have got away with more when he
was the fun, playful Harry in his 20s
that we all got to know. Well, we
thought we got to know and as it turns
out a lot of that was very clever Palace
PR, but to see a grown man, you know, a
father of two behaving the way that he
does now, it just it just doesn't sell
the same, does it, anymore then.
>> No, and just listen to his voice, Tash,
because I think he has purposefully
altered it here. Just listen.
>> I saw a water balloon thrown at my head
after being pelted three times in my
stomach, and I really enjoyed it.
>> It's weird, isn't it? Very, very weird.
>> weird. It's You think it's AI. It
doesn't seem right. There's just
something off with it, you know? But
then that's Harry all all over these
days, really. He just doesn't seem quite
right. There seems to be something just
underneath the surface these days.
>> Tash, I'm completely with you about this
apology ploy, by the way. I I agree it
is only an attention grab, and the
reason that they are considering this,
Tash, is for PR purposes, which means I
>> I think everyone should just reject it
outright.
>> Of course. I mean, the fact that the If
you wanted to apologize, you would
apologize. They haven't apologized, but
they're giving a public press release to
say that they're toying with the idea.
And even the wording of it, to give the
King the respect that he wants. Wants?
Deserves. They all deserve it. The Queen
Queen Elizabeth II, she deserved
respect, but they didn't give it. Prince
Philip deserved respect, especially in
those final weeks before his passing. A
man that dedicated his entire life to
service, to duty, to this country. And
look how they treated him. Look how they
treated the Queen. Look how they've
treated everybody. And yeah, to make a
Well, they haven't done a public
statement, but it's through through
their sources by stating that they're
toying with the idea of doing. So,
they're trying to get credit for
potentially doing an apology. It's not
an apology. That's not an apology. You
would just go apologize. And neither of
those are capable of doing so because I
don't believe that they think that
they've ever done anything wrong. Deep
down, those two probably still feel that
they are the ones that deserve the
apology.
>> Tash, to the security scam, and this all
involves the trip to Canada over the
weekend. And I know you have some
thoughts on that, which we will come to.
>> Wait.
>> But
>> [laughter]
>> first, Tash, I just want to talk about
what's really going on because it feels
to me, and this isn't just about Canada,
it's also about Portugal, it's also
about Scotland. It feels to me that
Harry and Meghan are devastated that the
paparazzi have just given up. That
they're not interested enough. They
can't deal with the They don't
want to be sued. There's not a big
enough price tag. So, what Harry and
Meghan now do, wherever they travel over
the world, is they drop hints. They drop
crumbs. It's a bit like Taylor Swift
when she's putting out a little uh
guessing games in regards to a new
album.
>> Easter eggs, I think they call them now,
don't they? Yes. Harry and Meghan are
all about the Easter eggs.
>> But they always do it via someone else,
Tash. So, in the case of Canada, it was
Kelly Jay Zajfen, who is sort of their
useful idiot these days. And you could
see through all of the pictures that
were posted, they were giving very, very
clear clues that this is where we are.
We're in exact because look, you can
actually see they're they're in exactly
the same place as Harry and Meghan. And
indeed, even though she didn't name
Harry and Meghan in her Instagram post,
Kelly, she's known there as Heart Mom,
actually made it pretty obvious that
this was with Harry and Meghan because
she described them as best friends. Yes.
And Nancy Sidley put it this way, "For
some reason, Meghan really wants
everyone to know the exact spot where
she was staying on Vancouver Island.
Technically, it was one of the Gulf
Islands, but I do believe, Tash, that
this is purposeful. Now, they are so
desperate to be pampered for a couple of
reasons in my view. Firstly, because it
means Harry can unleash the security
rubbish again. Here's the proof, like
one paparazzi incident would actually
cause a full-on security push in his
view from a PR perspective. So, I'm
quite glad that none of the pap agencies
are actually giving it to him. But then,
from Meghan's point of view, it's
actually something even more sinister.
It's so she can immediately say to
Harry, "Oh, look, the the faces are out
there anyway. So, it's much better that
I just put the faces out of the children
on my Instagram." So, I think it sort of
both serves their purposes.
But first, you know how Harry and I have
spoken, we spend an awful amount of time
talking about institutions that don't
give you the full picture. Well, here's
one that can hit Americans directly in
their wallet, Medicare. Millions of
people are on the wrong Medicare plan
and don't even know it. Not because
they're careless, because most Medicare
agents only show you the plans that pay
them the most. So, you never see the
full picture.
That's why I want you to know about
Chapter.
They are the only Medicare advisors that
compare every plan nationwide. Chapter's
independent advisors look at your
doctors, your prescriptions, your
priorities, and they're honest. They're
not paid to steer you anywhere. One
caller, called Chip, found out his old
broker had been putting his own paycheck
first. Chapter found him a better fit,
and now he's saving over $1,300
a year. Folks who switched with Chapter
saved an average of $1,100
a year on healthcare costs. So, call
814-813-4918
now. It's free, takes under 20 minutes,
and there is no sales pitch. Finally see
the full picture by calling
814-813-4918.
But now, back to the show.
>> Yeah, I'm not so sure about the children
though, because I can't help but feel
that she won't give up the control that
she has. And once the children's faces
are shown, that control disappears.
That's why I never believed that we
would see the children even if Harry had
taken them to the Invictus event when
they were over recently. I don't think
that we will ever see the children until
it comes to a point where they can no
longer hide them. The children are, you
know, obviously going to school and and
teens and whatnot. But Meghan, I think
she's such a control freak with it and
it gives her maximum attention because
even these photographs now with the
backs, the heads of children, it's like
her thing. And people talk about it.
Whereas if she starts showing the faces,
she'll get the initial flash in a pan
and then of course interest will die
down. But I have noticed by looking at
social media trends over the last couple
of years and being on there myself,
frequently
people aren't interested in seeing the
children. People have missed out on
those first few years when I think the
public would naturally have bonded with
the children, build up warm affection
towards the children, like what you've
seen not just with the Wales children,
but a lot of the royal children, even
Zara and Mike Tindall's children for
example, even Peter and Autumn Phillips'
two girls. You know, the public do
recognize them. There's always nice
things being said, you know, they're
growing into beautiful young women. But
we've seen them since they've been
children. We've watched them play. We've
watched them interact. And the way Harry
and Meghan have kept the children, it's
it's very similar, as I said, I know
I've said this before, but like Michael
Jackson with the veils over their faces.
It's completely pointless even taking
the photographs. It would be okay if it
was just the one thing that maybe Megan
wanted to post on social media because I
know that uh I've seen lots of other
families do it where they want to
protect their children, but that's
generally when the children are a little
bit older. So, Megan, this has become
like her stamp, her thing. This is like
her jam, as it were, and she's not going
to give that up at all.
>> Tash, then we come to what actually went
on
in Canada.
And there are a couple of things that
you have been across uh that I just want
to share.
So, you post on X, I have just seen
these two images together. It looks like
Catherine, now you're referring to
Catherine McPhee there, who's of course
the wife of David Foster, it was their
event, was talking to Megan in the first
picture.
But Megan
was more interested in her husband,
David Foster.
So, sweeps her arm across to Harry,
completely blocking Catherine.
You can just see her mouth above Megan's
left shoulder.
Perhaps the photos are out of order, but
I wouldn't put it past Megan to actually
do that.
And then when Megan's mole
pointed out, don't you remember why the
Fosters and Megan had a falling out?
Megan hitting on David like a feral cat
on heat.
You replied,
yeah, and giving a press release and
inviting the paparazzi when they went
out to dinner. And you can see there
that headline, surprise, surprise,
People magazine, Tash,
>> Yeah.
>> Meghan Markle and Prince Harry double
date with Catherine McPhee and David
Foster in Montecito. So, Tash, when you
also saw this video on the red carpet,
there definitely looked like there was
tension. So, so tell me, what did you
pick up from your close analysis of
those pictures, and also what you know
previously about the sort of hot and
cold relationship between these two
couples.
>> Well, when they first moved to Montecito
back in 2020, they went out to dinner
and that's when a press release was
given and I think lots of celebrities
outed themselves for using paparazzi,
doing the pap strolls where they
pre-arranged the paparazzi to be there
because in the pandemic everyone was
wearing masks. You won't know who these
people are walking up and down the
street, you know? So, of course it was
very, very obvious that they had been
told exactly who the who they were going
to dinner with, where they were going,
where they were eating out. And there
was even a photograph of Harry and
Meghan stood right by the Lucky's sign,
you know, to plug the restaurant as
well.
So, you didn't see David and Catherine
spend any time with them after that. And
then there was a polo match where Meghan
didn't go in Montecito and David Foster
was seen with um his young baby at the
time with Catherine talking to Harry.
And then that's pretty much been it
until now. Now, I think when you look at
David's alone with Harry on the carpet,
Harry is the reason why they are there
and that's because David Foster, like a
lot of these big celebrities and
A-listers, had a lot of respect for
Princess Diana, much like John Travolta.
So, this is Harry's free pass and no
matter what people think of Harry, this
will be his free pass for the rest of
his life because a lot of people won't
be able to get near Prince William for a
variety of reasons because he sees
through what this is really about. It's
about drawing attention, having that
royal stardust.
Having that glitter put on and I know
that obviously a lot of us don't feel
that Harry does have that stardust
anymore, but for some he always will
because his mother will always be the
late Princess Diana. But, I think with
the the moment with Meghan
pushing in front of Catherine,
I said when I found the pictures, I was
like, I don't know sometimes whether it
was the photograph should have been the
other way around that Meghan didn't
realize Catherine was behind her and
then she turned. But regardless, they
were greeting the couple on the carpet.
So, David Foster and Katharine McPhee,
obviously, they are the hosts. And
Meghan turned her back to her
regardless. Whether she just come come
on the carpet to meet her or whether she
was deliberately blocking her because
she was transfixed on David with that
big, you know, feral sort of grin that
she has.
It's rude, but we've seen Meghan have a
lack of manners across multiple events
and multiple people. I mean, she even
turned her back on the Queen. So, Meghan
does not have, I would say, great social
skills. She knows where the camera is.
All she cares about is her shot and is
she in view. That's with regards to
that. And as for the clip with David
Foster blanking her on the carpet and
here,
he's only interested in Harry. But I've
got to ask, Dan, have you seen the
response? I don't know if you were going
to bring it up, the reasons why if
there's been an excuse released as to
why he didn't look at Meghan.
>> Yes, go on.
>> They've said sources, and this hasn't
been confirmed by David Foster's team,
but sources have spoken to the Daily
Mail, shocker, and said that he was very
excited that Harry and Meghan were being
there, but he just couldn't see them.
On the carpet, literally on the spot
where he was meeting other guests with
the cameras, you know, they probably got
the marker on the carpet, guests stand
here for your photographs to be taken,
and he apparently didn't see her. Now,
this makes me laugh, Dan, because Meghan
recently has just basically called
Martha Stewart senile because she
couldn't have heard her or she was
confused, and now they've turned around
and said about this, "Oh, David Foster
didn't see them."
Really? Really? That's the best you
could come up with.
>> What?
>> was because they were not happy, Harry
and Meghan were not happy about the fact
that all of the headlines from the
event, the mainstream media headlines
from the event were all Megan is snubbed
on the red carpet by a coin A-lister.
Always. And it never works out because
it just exposes more of their lives.
Tasha, I've got to ask, what's going on
with this ring? Okay, this mysterious
pear-shaped diamond ring. And the reason
I ask is because Town & Country and
Emily Burack, who has been now acting as
almost like the new Omid Scobie figure
in Meghan Markle's life, has actually
been writing about this now. Uh and why
she wears this mysterious pear-shaped
diamond ring. And she wrote in a recent
Instagram reel celebrating the launch of
As We Eat's blackberry spread, "Meghan
Markle shows off a mysterious
pear-shaped diamond ring on her right
ring finger. Meghan first wore the ring
publicly at the 1805 live event in
September 2025 and then again the
following month at the Balenciaga show
during Paris Fashion Week. She's worn it
numerous times since, including to the
NBA All-Star game and a recent Cookie
Queen's screening. But the As We Eat
reel is the first close-up look fans
have gotten at the new sparkler."
Meghan's new ring is estimated to be
between five and six carats larger than
her engagement ring from Prince Harry.
That engagement ring, custom-made by
court jewelers Cleave and Company,
features three diamonds, two from
Princess Diana's collection and one
sourced from Botswana.
The center stone, estimated to be a
three-carat cushion-cut diamond, while
the side stones were estimated at 0.75
carats each. The couple redesigned the
engagement ring in 2019, reportedly
re-sized and re-set by jeweler Lorraine
Schwartz. Since Meghan has sometimes
gone without the ring and just opted to
wear her Welsh gold wedding band or two
zodiac rings that feature her and
Harry's astrological signs. Now, Tasha,
you know Town & Country and Emily Burack
do not write a story these days unless
Meghan has wanted the story out there.
>> Given the go-ahead.
>> Yeah. So so what do you think this is
about? Why does she want us all talking
about this new ring? Is it because she
was concerned about the coverage of the
fact that she's had her engagement ring
off now for 5 months really?
>> I mean it could be. You never really
know with Meghan. It could be that this
particular she's showing it off for a
reason. So given the reason why Meghan
wears lots and lots of jewelry all the
time, she's either merging it or she's
showing off the most expensive thing
that she's got. She is very much what
people sometimes call new money where
she feels that she she will go out and
wear a 200,000 pounds. Yes, you know?
She's very very much like that. She
won't have a suit tailored to her to fit
her body shape. She'll look a baggy
mess, but she doesn't care because
everybody knows that it cost 200,000.
You know, she's just one of those sorts
of people.
I think it also draws speculation by her
wearing that ring to her engagement
ring. She likes people talking about the
fact that she's not wearing it. She's
actually had her original engagement
ring altered I would say a minimum of
three times from when she got married to
Harry. It first disappeared and then it
came back and the gold band was gone and
she had a thin set of diamonds around
it. Then she had it disappear again and
she had more diamonds put underneath the
case thing of where the diamonds, you
know, the Diana's one was and the two
Botswana ones. And it's just basically
she's turned it into pretty much a
footballer's wife ring. And um funnily
enough, it doesn't look too dissimilar
to the wedding ring collection band that
she had and everything with her second
or third husband, whatever.
The um Trevor, I can't remember his
surname now, but yeah, she's com-
She's completely changed what he gave
her that he was so proud he had made for
her. And then there's lots of times
where, you know, this ring is missing.
And Meghan just wants people talking
about her all the time. So,
it's much like when she had a signet
ring. She makes sure when she's posing,
if you see Meghan doing something like
this, like she's in Madonna's Vogue
video, it's because she's deliberately
trying to draw attention to something to
get attention. She just wants people to
talk about it. It could be that maybe
she convinced Harry that she didn't want
the original ring, not that there's much
left to it, and Harry has eventually
bowed down to his wife and bought
something super expensive for her with
the last of the Archwell donations. Who
knows with Meghan, but there is probably
a reason why we are seeing not just Town
& Country, but you see when you go on to
Google search, you'll see 10 or 12
different media outlets all pumping the
same story. So, it's obviously been
given the go-ahead, like you said, from
Camp Montecito for whatever reason. But
I I dare not even speculate.
>> Tash, then we come to the drugs
cover-up, which I mentioned at the top
of the show. This new reporting from
Newsweek magazine, which has confirmed
the withheld documents.
Jack Royston reporting the US State
Department has withheld 18 documents
relating to Prince Harry and will
continue reviewing hundreds more in a
Freedom of Information Act case related
to his visa and past drug use, court
documents show.
Right-wing think tank Heritage
Foundation initially sued the Department
of Homeland Security. That's the great
man Nile Gardner, seeking the release of
Harry's visa records and arguing the
American public had a right to know
whether he was candid about his use of
narcotics. Government officials have
spent months processing material turned
up in searches of State Department
computer systems. And at the end of July
took a decision in relation to an
initial batch of 18 documents. In total,
they are working through 307 documents
comprising 2,487
pages in total. However, anyone hoping
for a first chance to see government
records about the royal may be
disappointed to discover that they chose
to withhold the files in their entirety.
A joint status report filed at the
district court in DC and seen by
Newsweek where this case stems from a
Freedom of Information Act request that
plaintiff submitted to the department
for records regarding Henry Charles
Albert David, also known as the Duke of
Sussex or Prince Harry. The State
Department made its first interim
production in this case on July the
30th, in which it identified 18
responsive records all withheld in their
entirety. Cover-up. The Immigration and
Nationality Act and FOIA exemptions were
cited as justifications. That leaves 289
responsive documents still under review
and it remains possible some may be
disclosed publicly. The filing suggested
the parties will file their next joint
status report on October the 13th. Now,
Lauren the inside attaches interviewed
the top criminal barrister Marcus
Johnston today. He suggests there may
well be a drug use cover-up going on
here. Look.
If you want more hard-hitting Harry and
Meghan coverage like this with the
double standards called out, hit
subscribe right now and turn on the
notifications. Dan Wootton Now Spoken
has no spin, no bias, and no censorship.
>> I think with Prince Harry
the main problem he's got and the
crucial issue here relates to
uh his
admittances of drug use and what was
disclosed on the visa application.
We don't know what's going on because
everything's kept quiet. So, at the
moment, the US State Department has
processed 18 documents and withheld all
18 documents. Now, that by itself seems
suspicious. There's another 289
documents under review. In total,
there's almost 2 and 1/2 thousand pages
on him that we have have still not seen.
Nothing.
Now,
one might think, well, that surely is
suspicious. Is that some kind of
cover-up?
The State Department will say, well, no,
that's normal because
under the Immigration Nationality Act,
then that has to be kept confidential.
And anybody's visa process and what they
say on a visa form is kept confidential.
So, we can see the two sides to the
argument there.
>> But, he goes on to say, Harry may well
have committed fraud if he did knowingly
give a false answer, but
he could, because of his royal status,
still be protected.
>> The real problem he faces is whether he
has misled the authorities on his
application. What has he disclosed? And
has he not disclosed certain things? So,
if it comes to a false answer, then that
may be interpreted as fraud or willful
misrepresentation.
So, a fraud goes to dishonesty. So, if
he knowingly gave a false answer on any
application,
um then that's by itself a permanent
ground of ineligibility.
So, he's he's out. That's it.
Except there's an exception. And this is
where it gets so complicated because for
people that have got the power and the
wealth, there always seems to be an
exception for them.
>> And once again,
that extinction exception, sorry, comes
from the fact that he is on the royal
website.
>> He relies on the very establishment that
he claims to reject. It's interesting
that Harry claims to hate the
establishment, but it's this, and when I
say hate the establishment, I mean he's
obviously used his public profile to hit
out at President Trump. He's used his
profile to slag the royal family off.
But, it all
all clues are pointing towards the fact
that he's relied on on people in similar
positions to President Trump, Biden
administration, Hillary Clinton's been
to Frogmore Cottage for coffee.
He relies on the very establishment that
he claims to reject.
>> it's a case of people will use people
for their advantage. So, anybody who's
useful to them, they they will approach
and make friend well, so-called friends
with
um to get on with them. Anybody can help
them in some way. And that's not just
applying to Prince Harry. It applies to
many people who are in power or
influential or even with with any walk
of life. People will mix with people who
can give them a step up. Um and so, that
doesn't surprise me that yes, he will
use people who've got the connections.
But, that's anybody in power will be
able to do that. That's what will
happen.
>> Tash, two words, cover-up.
>> Yeah, and you know, there's another two
words actually. Well, one of them's a
bit obsolete now, but I was going to say
uh Prince Andrew as well. Cut from the
same cloth as his uncle. This is the
reason why Andrew got himself into such
a mess because there is always an
exception for these people. There is
always a rule that can be bent. There is
always a loophole, and it always seems
to come down to oh well, it's to do with
security concerns or it's to do with
privacy. Would the same thing happened
if it was your average Joe? If Joe
Bloggs was trying to get into America
and they lied and they turned around and
said, "No, no, no, I've I've I I've
never taken drugs." And then it comes
out that they did. We know that Liam
Payne, for example, he was stuck in
limbo because they wouldn't allow him
back into the United States because of
his admission to taking drugs. We know
Nigella Lawson was not allowed back into
America until I mean she is now, but
because of her admission to doing drugs.
She was of course on camera doing drugs.
This was her own words that got her into
that where she admitted, yes I did have
a bit of a problem at some point. And
Harry has got an awful lot of words out
there that he has said himself as well
as obvious news reports coming out where
he got trouble for doing drugs at Eton
then he got in trouble for doing drugs
at various different stages of his life
and it's not like he got caught doing
weed. He's talking about psychedelics.
He's talking about hard A class drugs.
And even in spare one of the things I
always found so disgusting was him
saying it actually helped me. You need
to be careful when you talk about your
own issues with something as bad as
having a drug addiction. Telling people
that perhaps look up to you because
there's bound to be some people that
still look up to Harry. But
impressionable teenagers going it
actually really helped me. What a dumb
and selfish and stupid thing to turn
around and say. And then of course this
has backfired on him where it comes to
this
this visa status or what visa that he's
on. But it's clearly obvious that the
reason why they're not releasing the
details and they're withholding it is
something has gone on and they do not
want the public to know. Whether it was
Harry had turned around and said, nope
never done drugs in my life, tick the
form and turned around and said, nope.
And that's causing a problem. I'm not
sure I believe that. I think it's
probably more that he was even honest
and turned around and said he did drugs
or perhaps there is something even worse
on his records down. Perhaps there's
even something along the lines of a
criminal record. There could be
something. Harry got into a lot of
trouble with fighting
>> Las Vegas. Naked in Las Vegas.
>> Attacking people. You don't know what
was really covered up for him when he
was going through his violent stages and
things like that. So, there could be
multiple reasons as to why they are
keeping so much information hidden from
him. But, the problem is by hiding it,
it's a public admission to say they are
having to hide it for a reason, which
will allow people to speculate, but to
also just It's It's basically an
admission, isn't it? Something was given
to Harry. He was given an exception. He
had the rules bent for him, and that's
plain as day.
>> Tash, I'm going to be very careful in my
wording here. We are not going to
celebrate
10 years of Meghan Markle in our lives.
We are going to mark
10 years of Meghan Markle in our life
with a special where we countdown the
top 10. They're not highlights, Tash.
Let's just be honest about it. The
lowlights, and share a few secrets of
our own about these 10 years
with Miss Markle in our life. So, what
we're going to do is head over to
Substack. In order to do that,
I am looking forward to this, believe it
or not. I think it's going to be like a
bit of therapy. It's going to be
cathartic
>> [laughter]
>> in some way. So, please do come and join
us there as Tash and I mark 10 years of
Meghan Markle in our lives at
www.outspoken.life.
You will know that the paid monthly and
annual subscribers get first access to
the Royal and Cancelled aftershow. Your
support allows me to report outside of
the Royal Rota and completely
independently. I hope you join us there.
Dan Wootton Outspoken is your no spin,
no bias, no censorship outlet for
independent news. We have no big tech
backing or billionaires pulling my
strings, but that does mean I need your
support. So, please hit subscribe on
YouTube, turn on the notification bell,
and subscribe to Dan Wootton Outspoken
on Spotify or Apple Podcasts. It's
totally free, but allows me to continue
my promise to always keep fighting for
you.