Separate vacations and separate lives to
some extent. Years ago, this would have
been considered controversial, but now
it's just sensible. Separate bedrooms as
a matter of a long-standing royal
tradition, separate holidays as a matter
of preference.
>> I I can understand why it looks a little
odd to people, um but it actually works
for them. I've learned not to judge it
all.
>> The King suffers from sleep apnea, so
they're not sleeping together. Anyone
[clears throat] saying that there's a
chance that this is going to end in a in
divorce or
it's not going to happen.
>> What is the truth about these claims
that King Charles and Queen Camilla are
now living completely separate lives?
And is there any parallel to the
unhappiness
in the marriage between Prince Harry and
Meghan Markle, where people say those
two are increasingly living separate
lives? Well, Robert Jobson is the
godfather of royal reporting. He has
covered this marriage for decades.
Indeed, he was the man who actually
broke the story of the engagement all of
those years ago. So, Jobbo is the one
who has followed at close quarters how
this marriage works, but I just want to
track how we got here in the first place
because a lot of this speculation and
consternation has come after mainstream
media reporting, including from Dan
Wakefield, the former editor of People
magazine and Us Weekly, who conceded
that the King and Queen are living
separate lives with their own holidays
and bedrooms, but he says that this is
just sensible and normal in any modern
marriage. Watch this.
>> The King is off painting alone in
Balmoral, and the Queen is in Greece.
Separate vacations and separate lives to
some extent. Years ago, this would have
been considered controversial, but now
it's just sensible for a good marriage.
Charles is deep into his annual Scottish
stretch, the routine that's defined
every one of his summers for decades,
painting, walking, disappearing into the
kind of solitude a working monarch
rarely gets. Camilla, meanwhile, has
gone her own way, holidaying in Greece,
as she tends to each year. It's become
such such a fixture of their marriage
that nobody blinks at it anymore, but
it's worth pausing on because it says
something real about how this particular
partnership thrives. Camilla and Charles
married in 2005 after one of the most
scrutinized courtships in modern royal
history. And 20 years later, they're
still doing things their own way.
Separate bedrooms as a matter of a
long-standing royal tradition, separate
holidays as a matter of preference.
>> But it's not just the holiday apart, it
is the weekends apart, too. Something
the Daily Mail's royal editor, Rebecca
English, she is the head of the royal
right rota attempted to normalize in an
answer that has gone viral. Watch this.
>> Camilla, Queen Camilla often chooses to
spend her weekends at her own house, Ray
Mill House. While Charles is often in
maybe Sandringham or nearby Ray Mill
House in Highgrove. This I think
prompted CS Ballard to ask, "Why do
Charles and Camilla spend weekends
apart?" Thinking the same thing, Art
Studio Girl commented, "Why does Camilla
always spend weekends away, away from
her husband?"
Rebecca, tell us tell us what your your
thoughts are cuz they are together quite
a lot as well.
>> They are, but they also
live quite independent lives. And I
don't think it affects their
relationship at all. In fact, they've
lived for you know,
obviously been married for a very long
time now, but they've also lived apart.
They've been a couple but lived apart
for long periods of their life. So, it's
something they're quite used to. And Ray
Mill was bought privately
by the Queen after her divorce from
Andrew Parker Bowles. So, that's kind of
her family home.
>> And Rebecca does acknowledge that this
setup looks odd for people, but she says
she has learned not to judge.
>> Fresh Harry and Meghan updates every
single day. Yes, the ones the Montecito
Mafia and MSM don't want out there.
Subscribe to Outspoken for daily royal
coverage. It's completely free.
>> And there were questions about whether
she would keep this home when they got
married because of course it does then
require a security detail, so there's
extra cost. But she made very clear she
wanted to keep it. It's a real bolt-hole
for her. It's very informal. She has the
children over, she has the
grandchildren.
Whereas, you know, the King can potter
around his gardens doing his dry stone
walling at Highgrove. Um
Uh and and he can do his own things. I
mean, he does go to Raymill as well, but
but not often. It's where she keeps her
dogs largely during the week. So it's
it's a real home for her from home. And
I you know, I I can understand why it
looks a little odd to people. Um but it
actually works for them. And often when
you go on a royal tour, if we're landing
at Brize Norton, Oxfordshire, which we
often do because it's the
yeah, it's where these RAF jet jets are
based. You'll often see two cars turn up
and, you know, they'll give each other a
kiss. Oh, I'll see you after the
weekend, darling. And one go off to one
and one will go off to the other. And it
it just works for them. And you I've
learned not to judge at all.
>> And Rebecca argues that it is because
they spend a lot of time during the week
working together.
>> A high-pressure environment, you've got
to have make things work for you. You
need to escape and uh
>> Well, it is an unusual, Luke. It is a
really unusual uh situation where you're
you're not just kind of living together,
you're working together. And that comes
with with pressures. And they've found a
way, I think, that makes it work for
them.
>> And and, you know, her grandchildren
need to have somewhere that they feel is
is is theirs where they can run around.
I mean, if you you know, if her
grandchildren want to run around at and
and and Windsor or the palace, you know,
it's like, "Oh, don't don't knock that
vase over. Oh, you can't kick a ball in
there." You know, um whereas, you know,
when it when they're at Granny's house,
it's Granny's house, and everyone can
put on jeans and run around, and doesn't
have to call anybody Mom or
royal highness or anything else.
>> And Robert Hardman sort of says this is
decompression,
but I do
I do just want you to watch this moment
from Rebecca English, because to me this
does sort of unwittingly prove how the
royal road relationship really works.
She gets this off coverage in the
explanation, and it results in the
access.
>> So, it's it's sort of decompression, I
think.
>> Yeah, I think it's a really good way of
putting it. I remember once during um
the COVID lockdown
doing an interview
uh with the Queen, um well, obviously
Duchess of Cornwall as she was then,
about a particular issue that they
wanted to get out there. I think it was
about domestic abuse and domestic
violence. And I I mean, I don't have
their phone numbers. The call was put
through to me via the press office, but
it was clear that she was at
Raymill, I think, then.
And um
I There was obviously a horse
clip-clopping nearby, cuz the dog
started barking, and I heard, "Excuse
me, Winnie, shut up."
>> Okay, Robert Jobson, what is the truth
about King Charles and Queen Camilla's
marriage?
>> Well, nothing has changed since they
started, in all honesty. Um, when I
broke the story back in 2005, and you
know, won a scoop of the year with it,
Charles is very independent man, and he
and I think Camilla the reason when she
kept Raymill house, really, was because
they pretty much lived independent lives
right from the throughout this
relationship. You know, remember that
the King recently had story um
broke that they they they spent he spent
like three or four million quid
extending her uh uh
buying the neighbor's house at Raymill,
so that there was more
um she had more space, probably also for
the security. So, look, this has been
going for a long time. Couple of other
things worth mentioning is the the the I
mean I broke it in my book actually that
the the king suffers from sleep apnea.
So, they're not sleeping together for
obvious [laughter] reasons I think most
of the time cuz he's got a mask on most
of the time at that night like he's
flying a
a
40,000 ft. Um, but they they are they do
and always have had separate interests
ever since I remember she would be on
she would go to the Greek Islands and
has been since they were single
or you know, not they were together but
not not married. And and the
Charles would go to um,
to Highgrove and spend his time there.
At Balmoral I think at the moment I know
for a fact also that she doesn't really
like Balmoral
at all the castle. She prefers to stay
at Birkhall.
Charles actually since he's become king
quite likes being at Balmoral and all
the with all the staff there etc. and
the other family. So, look, this is what
works for them. They I don't if anyone's
saying that there's a chance that this
is going to end in a divorce or
>> [laughter]
>> it's not going to happen. But, the
reality is I think they're both what in
their
uh, very late 70s queen pushing towards
80.
Nothing's going to change and there's
but I as people think they live the
lives
that normal older people do that they
cozy up on the sofa. Yeah, they watch
television together. They do things like
that. But, they live a very different in
a very different um,
world really and I don't think any of us
can really probably understand it. I
mean the king I think probably would
have been better if he'd the way he
lives that if he'd been on his own. I
mean he's very much a loner. But, he you
know, he has time they watch they
watch television together and things
like that and then she would go off to
her house and he he'd go off to bed. So,
I think that that sounds a sound odd.
And I hear what Rebecca is saying and I
think that they were they were trying to
sort of laugh it all off. But, I don't
think we can
as mere mortals
judge
um the way they live their lives because
actually it's a very different it's
completely alien to most of us.
>> What I think is really fascinating,
Jobo,
is that you say it's always been this
way. This is how they live. Now, that is
very different when you consider the
separate lives that we are reporting on
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle because
you'll remember, Jobo, they were so
clear, weren't they? Salt and pepper,
always together. Do you remember they
used to say, "We would be at the at the
same desk in the office." Or they had
their desks lined up in Montecito
because they always wanted to be
together. So, there's there's been a
real change with Harry and Meghan which
does seem to contrast what you're
saying.
>> Yeah. This is just how Charles and
Camilla have always been.
>> I I I yeah, I think I think that to be
honest with with the way people I mean,
with people a more modern couple, a
younger couple as well, you know,
these are people in their you know,
pushing towards 80, and they're going to
do whatever they want. The king has
always ever done always done what he
wants. So, I mean, you know, he his way
he lives his life is going to be
whoever's with him or whatever
partnership's going on, they just have
to sort of bow to what he's going to do.
And I think that's something that Diana
used to struggle with. She couldn't
understand, you know, the things they
used to say and then she used to in even
in their private lives they you know,
they would be once every 3 weeks that
but they he might get in and come into
the bedroom or something. But no, I I
think that with Charles and Camilla, the
reason it's probably quite successful is
because
she was his mistress, um would see him
when she saw him. There was a lot of
a lot of separation even at that time
which probably kept the excitement
going, I suppose, of that that
relationship. But it's always it has
pretty much always been the same that
you know, they're not when when she goes
off to see her grandkids,
Charles is probably very good with
grandkids when he has to do the funny
voices and the the and then they come
for tea and these an hour with them and
then it's like okay, that's enough of
that and off he'll go and do his own
thing. Whereas if they're over for the
whole weekend, which like most grandmoms
would like to see their a lot of their
grandkids and their own kids, that gives
her that opportunity at Raymo House
because there's a completely separate
um, you know, family there that have
nothing to do with Charles really apart
from you know, he see Tom's his godson
but you know, you they're not going to
be as relaxed. So I can't understand it
uh the the the way it's worked because
they got you know, they got to married
when
you know, much later in life, didn't
they? So they had their own independence
and I think that [clears throat] you
know, they I think it probably does work
for them um,
it's always been like that and I I mean
I don't think it's any different as I
say from day one. I really don't. And I
I hear what Rebecca is saying and it and
and it's sort of laughed it off in a
very
you know, um,
bizarre way actually. I think it's
almost as if they were saying it was it
was
the way most people should be, it'd be
better for their relationships. No,
they're royal, he's the king and that is
the way a lot of royals are, you know,
they they live completely separate lives
really and then get together for their
public engagements and have their
private Yeah, and we don't their private
life A lot of us wouldn't understand it.
>> Exactly. If they were just like us,
Joby, then we wouldn't be so interested
and fascinated by them, would we? You
know, it's
>> Well, they're but they're just not.
They're just they're not just like us
and the fact is they've got the most
people probably don't spend a lot of
time together because they've got the
one house. So I mean you've got the
Charles would go off to you know,
Romania and and where he's got three
houses I think. You know, he's got
houses in Sandringham, he's got
Highgrove, he's got Scotland. So the
opportunity to spend a bit of time apart
is is there.
You got to remember when he was married
to Diana, there was sometimes I think we
were counting up the times you know, he
he'd be away from Diana from from month
you know, over months on end and there
was and that's when they had young
children. So, that was more
more controversial, I think. I think
this this one is just two quite old
people set in their ways
with lots of money and the ability to
just do what the hell they want to do.
And I think that's probably what what it
comes down to. Is it right? I think it
you're not going to see them walking
down, you know, the aisle in in Waitrose
pushing the trolley and saying, "What
should we have for tea, dear?" But, you
know, which is a lot what a lot of, you
know, 70
>> And and I think it is fair to say there
is more of that normality with William
and Catherine. But, look, the other
thing I wanted to ask you about, Jobo,
was this very fascinating column by
Celia Walden this week, Piers Morgan's
wife, but an accomplished columnist in
her own right for The Daily Telegraph.
Because this is something I've thought a
lot, actually. Has Harry's
obsession almost with therapy meant he's
actually almost misremembered a lot of
his upbringing? And she's written this
on the back of some fascinating comments
in Ruthie Henshall's new memoir, which
actually depict Charles as a very
different type of dad than how Harry has
depicted Charles in recent years. So, I
just want to read you a couple of the
key ex- excerpts, Jobo.
And then I'll get your take. Uh Celia
writes, "What a sweet picture Ruthie
Henshall paints of King Charles's
parenting style in her new memoir, The
Showgirl and the Prince, which tells the
story of her 5-year relationship with
Prince Edward. The 59-year-old
stage doyenne recalls how warm and
hands-on he was with his boys. In one
scene described in vivid detail, Charles
was playing rough and tumble with
William and Harry in the Balmoral
corridors. He clearly loved those boys,
and they were squealing with joy as
Daddy chased them. Certainly a different
picture to the one the Duke
painted in his own memoir, Spare, even
the title of which seems to contain a
grievance. And when it was first
published 3 years ago, much was made of
the claims paper throughout his early
years that the monarch was always a bit
checked out, that he had trouble
communicating, trouble listening,
trouble being intimate face-to-face.
He'd always given an air of being not
quite ready for parenthood, Harry wrote.
And as for single parenthood, pa was
never made for that. All of which cast
him in a pretty cold light.
Alden goes on, it was the detail Harry
decided to include about the moment his
father told him Diana had died, however,
that I imagine must have been most
hurtful. Pa didn't hug me, he wrote. He
wasn't great at showing emotions.
Instead, Charles put his hand on Harry's
knee, which he did at least describe as
fatherly, hopeful, kind. Recollections
inevitably vary, and as always the truth
will be somewhere in between, but I do
worry about how harshly therapy culture
has made us judge our parents
retrospectively, how short-sighted
those judgments can often be. And I have
to say, Job, I'm completely with Celia
Walden on this. You can just tell that
Harry's brain has completely been fried
by a whole smorgasbord of therapists.
And so often therapists immediately,
because it's good for their business and
it's easy, immediately try and pinpoint
issues with your parents. And it's like,
that's the reason why everything is
wrong. Clearly, Diana dying was a big
issue, but you can see the point Celia
is making given Ruthie Henshall painted
a lovely picture of Charles being
incredibly intimate.
But first, producing a fast-moving show
like Outspoken means I have to be
switched on. Believe it or not, from the
moment I wake up in the morning, stories
break, guests change, scripts are
rewritten, decisions have to be made
instantly. And by the time we go live, I
want to be completely on the ball.
I'm now in my 40s, and even drinking
less than I used to can still leave the
following morning feeling very
different. I simply They afford for the
night before to derail this show.
That's why I tried this.
Cheers restore.
It's an after alcohol aid and you take
just three capsules from here after your
last drink or before bed and it works
while you sleep. Now, honestly, it's
amazing to think the what's in here
because Cheers is completely transparent
about what is inside with no hidden
proprietary blends.
One key ingredient is DHM. As alcohol
leaves your system, your brain can enter
rebound mode contributing to that foggy
less than sharp feeling the next
morning. DHM works overnight to help
smooth that process. I was skeptical,
but the first morning genuinely caught
me off guard. I had slept well and felt
at least 50% better, normal, focused,
and ready to review the running order,
speak to the team, and prepare for the
show. Cheers has sold over 50 million
doses, is backed by doctors, PhDs, and
more than 1,000 verified clinicians. So,
I'll now take Cheers whenever I
responsibly enjoy a drink. Here's the
great news, for a limited time you can
get 20% off this product by using the
code outspoken
at cheershealth.com.
I have put the link in the description
box below, by the way. So, try Cheers
restore and wake up feeling at least 50%
better or your money off at
cheershealth.com. Thank you so much, by
the way. Cheers to Cheers for supporting
this and now let's get back to it.
>> Yeah, I mean from people I spoke to at
the time, I think Charles did his best,
um but he wasn't particularly a tactile,
um hands-on dad. I don't think to be
honest, in the early years, Diana gave
him much space to be that person. And I
thought, as he likes confrontation,
hates it, um the easiest thing to do
would be to allow her to be the dominant
parent and the dominant mother because
the other otherwise, um it would always
lead to friction. I think that there are
loads of issues that would go on where
he wanted to see his kids after they
during the separation period or the
period where they were really living
separate lives and it was arranged and
then it was but she would sort of back
out and make it difficult for him to see
them. Um so I think that Ruth's
assessment is probably
quite nice from an outsider um probably
it was just dipping in and dipping out
or needed to see how he was was with his
sons. So from people like my friend Ken
Wharfe who was there I mean Ken used to
play a more avuncular role with him and
his dad used to look on.
You know, their father used to look on
slightly, you know, quizzically about
when they were having rough and tumble
fights with the bodyguard and he would
say things like, you know,
you know, are you okay with this Ken,
you know, are they being a bother, you
know. So um I think he was a little bit
distant. I don't think it's necessarily
his fault. I think his relationship with
his own parents and the king and
uh and queen was, you know, it was
distant. But you know, we can all I
think that the problem is Harry has
reevaluated in a way of the uh you know,
American psychobabble that goes out
there where you can blame everybody else
it seems but yourself because you know,
ultimately um you know, that doesn't
wash with the way that the therapy's
supposed to be working. I think the
reality is for for Harry he's, yeah, I
think he's seen things um
in an overly negative light. I don't
think Charles was particularly a
a rough and tumble hands-on dad. He was
not there very much and Diana didn't
really want him there that much either.
>> Okay, Joe, but another big story that I
know you have been writing on your
Substack about this week are these
claims in the mail that Andrew
Mountbatten-Windsor is due to receive a
royal ceremonial funeral. This is
despite his downfall and of course the
Epstein victims have branded this plan
an embarrassment to the crown.
This was reporting from senior Whitehall
sources saying that the former Duke of
York remains on a secret government list
of royals who will receive high-profile
funerals, even though he became a
private citizen following the Epstein
revelations. This newspaper they report
understands the controversial
arrangement as part of the government's
so-called bridge plans, which lay out
far in advance and in meticulous detail
the funeral arrangements for members of
the royal family. Queen Elizabeth's
funeral in 2022 followed a blueprint
known as Operation London Bridge, while
Prince Philip's was Operation Forth
Bridge after the bridge close to the
Scottish capital. Although the details
of the arrangements for
Mountbatten-Windsor's funeral are
unknown, royal experts believe a service
would be held at St. George's Chapel in
Windsor Castle, where the funerals of
Elizabeth and Prince Philip were held.
The 14th century Chapel also serves as
the venue for baptisms and royal
weddings, including that of the Duke and
Duchess of Sussex in 2018.
It is anticipated that
Mountbatten-Windsor would be buried at
the royal burial ground at Frogmore, a
33-acre private cemetery in Home Park,
Windsor. Others buried there include
King Edward VIII, who abdicated the
throne in disgrace in 1936 to marry
American socialite Wallis Simpson, who
is also buried there. Royal experts
believe Mountbatten-Windsor's funeral
would be similar to that of Princess
Margaret, who died in 2002 aged 71. A
400-strong congregation included 30
royals, attended a private service in
St. George's Chapel. Flags were flown at
half-mast at all royal residences
throughout a six-day period of mourning.
Ahead of the funeral, the princess's
coffin was laid in Kensington Palace,
where her family paid their respects. It
was draped in Margaret's standard, and a
spray of white lilies and roses was then
taken to the Queen's Chapel at St.
James's Palace. The coffin was then
driven to Windsor, where police had to
erect barriers for 3,000 people to watch
the cortège into the castle gates. In a
break from royal tradition, which is
unlikely to feature in
Mountbatten-Windsor's plans, Princess
Margaret was later cremated at Slough
Crematorium. While not an official state
or public occasion, the funeral was a
major royal event that was accompanied
by a costly policing and security
operation. One delicate matter the
former Duke may have to ponder in the
coming years is who will act as
pallbearers during his ceremony.
But Jobo, on your Substack, you have
argued that Andrew's reputation is
already dead and buried and that there
is no need for lists of expensive
funerals anymore. So, what do you think
is going to happen here, Jobo? Because
does this plan have to be reversed
officially in that case?
>> Well, first of all, I mean,
>> [laughter]
>> clearly his his reputation is dead and
buried, but also I think that this one
would be a bridge too far. I mean, I'm
not talking about London Bridge, but
but ultimately, this is probably, in my
opinion, a piece of paper that's been is
so old that it's probably been typed up
and left in a vault somewhere. And
you've got to remember that these things
um people just follow what what was, you
know, there before. They were, you know,
in terms of the way these things would
be drawn up. I don't believe that I
don't think this will
This would never not happen in a million
years. There's no way that this would
happen because every funeral has to be
signed off by the by the current
monarch. Remember when people There was
a big argument whether Diana should get
a ceremonial funeral, which was what she
actually got. The only state funerals
we've had were were people like the
King, uh the late Queen, um and um
Churchill, um Nelson,
people like that. So, the state a state
funeral is is is different in name, not
very much in terms of visuals to a
ceremonial
funeral. Now, there's no way Andrew will
get a ceremonial funeral. And I think
actually
you know, that he's what, he's a decade
or so younger than the current king. Um
the current king wouldn't sign that off.
And I don't believe in a million years
that William would sign it off, either.
And I don't believe Andrew would
necessarily think he was warranted or
would get one
anyway. Um
so, I think what we'd probably see is
what was described there anyway, which
was
a funeral um rather like the maybe is on
a much smaller scale, but like at
St. George's Chapel, but it would be
closed. I don't think there would be
any access whatsoever. So, that's
probably what would happen um in
reality. But I don't see
I personally think they should draw a
line under some of these massive massive
events. Funerals like this shouldn't I
mean,
you know, are hugely costly. Is that the
only real person that should warrant it,
in my opinion, would be the would be the
the king or the head of state or the
queen if she was head of state. I don't
even think that it would after William
and
William and um Catherine become king and
queen, I don't think Camilla should be
getting a massive funeral like this. Or
even Catherine. I think you just limit
it to the
head of state because of of the cost
involved and also the need for it to be
such a public event. I don't think it
does apart from the monarch. And you
know, we're living in a we're changing
and the the world is changing. Um
and I think the monarchy in terms of all
these London Bridge is falling down and
all these things needs to change with
it. Clearly this is a piece piece of
paper I can imagine typed up in some
dusty room on a typewriter. It's
probably so old. Um it's still going to
have from, you know, the his name is
Andrew
the Duke of York or Prince Andrew. So, I
just don't I think the easiest way
around all of this is to say that the
big state or ceremonial of funerals are
simply reserved for the monarch and that
is it. And let the family deal with
everything else after that.
>> Brilliant stuff, Robert Jobson. Do make
sure you subscribe to his brilliant
Substack. Of course, he has great royal
analysis, but he is also publishing
there, self-publishing, his
autobiography chapter by chapter,
Walking with Kings, which is a
fascinating insight into his career and
and life as a member of the royal roster
alongside the royal family through a
whole load of different eras. I'm loving
it, Jobbo. Thank you so much for being
here today. And of course, if you want
to subscribe to Outspoken, you can as
well. The address is www.
.outspoken.live.
Thank you so much.
Dan Wootton Outspoken is your no-spin,
no-bias, no-censorship outlet for
independent news. We have no big tech
backing or billionaires pulling my
strings, but that does mean I need
[music] your support. So, please hit
subscribe on YouTube, turn on the
notification bell, and subscribe to Dan
Wootton Outspoken on Spotify or Apple
Podcasts. It's totally free, but allows
me to continue my promise to always keep
fighting for you.