10 years.
10 years of pain. 10 years of lies. 10
years of PR shows. But hey, at
least Meghan Markle brought all of us
together. At least Meghan Markle created
this community of royalists as we
learned what we had to fight for to get
the truth out. What we had to fight for
to actually prove that everything she
had told Oprah Winfrey, everything that
she had told that Harry wrote in spare
were just big fat lies. So on this
special edition of Outspoken today, the
royal YouTube sensation according to Taz
and myself, are celebrating
not what I think are highlights Tash,
because let's be honest, there's been a
lot of pain connected to these moments,
especially for royalists, but also the
human beings involved. You know, a dying
Prince Philip, a dying Queen Elizabeth
II,
a cancer-stricken Catherine, the
Princess of Wales, a totally despondent
Prince William. But I think along the
way you also have to look at this decade
and think, well actually it has
galvanized a lot of us to realize what
we're up against. To realize the PR
machine that surrounded someone like
Meghan Markle. And if people like you
Tash hadn't actually decided to go
independent, start calling out her, and
I'm sorry to use the the term, but her
because it is, and I do think
a few odd exceptions who were in the
mainstream media at the time like me,
but outside of the royal rota, then
actually we might be in a very different
place today. Meghan could actually be
celebrating the end of the British royal
family, right?
The latest bombshells from Harry and
Meghan that the Montecito mafia and the
rest of the media are desperate to hide.
Subscribe now for the real story with
zero spin and zero censorship.
>> Yeah, I mean 10 years has it been 10
years?
>> 10 years since she met Harry and I guess
at that point Tasha, I mean I know some
of you were on it from the start but but
I guess for the first couple of years we
had hope at least. Maybe we had some
nervousness but we had hope.
>> Yeah, I mean it was the build-up towards
the wedding wasn't it? I I
>> When did you first realize? When did you
first realize Tasha that something was
wrong?
>> I liked her when she first came on the
scene with Harry because I thought after
he broken up with Cressida and he met an
actress that likes going out and
partying and having fun and I thought
you know what she's his Fergie. That's
why Fergie was so suited to Andrew. I
mean obviously we know terrible things
about them now but back then you know
people really did like them cuz they
were playful and fun together and I
thought Harry was actually better suited
to a woman like this that doesn't take
herself too seriously that does quite
happily walk around in jeans and a shirt
and bait a beanie and a baseball cap and
isn't obsessed with fame with money. But
I was duped like many many people. You
know Meghan did dupe people. She's very
clever at making people think that she
was actually um
someone that was just down-to-earth
which she wasn't. It became more
apparent when I noticed the paparazzi
strolls. So it was just before the
engagement announcement and I noticed
that Meghan was appearing quite a lot.
Prince Harry's girlfriend Prince Harry's
girlfriend and there were lots of
stories coming out saying that she was
being hounded and chased but you never
actually saw videos of her being hounded
and chased and then of course with the
big statement that came out where
Harry's like leave my girlfriend alone.
Everybody's being racist. Everybody's
being mean. I was like oh dear she
really is an actress." And then from
that point, I think once you start to
have the wool pulled from your eyes, you
started to see these stories coming out
about how Meghan was complaining about
Catherine not giving her a lift into
town, and Meghan was shopping and
photographed outside the front of the
palace when she could have used the
private back entrance. It was becoming
very, very obvious that she was going to
cause a problem, and I think it was
Oh, Ingrid Ingrid Stewart, I think it
was. She turned around and said that
this is going to go badly. That she's
going to marry into the family, and
she's going to be out of there with
Harry, with the kids, with her bags of
gold, and um she she was right. She was
spot-on. But yeah, I'd I'd say it was
from
really from that moment when um when she
was photographed more and more and it
was being released, and then she did an
interview, I think it was with Vanity
Fair dressed like a princess whilst
Harry was telling the world to leave her
alone. It became very obvious that what
Meghan was saying and the way she was
behaving wasn't quite marrying up, you
know?
>> Indeed. Well, Tash, for me,
the first moment that I think I really,
really something was very wrong
uh was in those weeks before the
wedding, when I became friends with
Samantha Markle and was so horrified by
Meghan's treatment of her own father. I
think for me, I'm such a family guy, you
know, my mom and my dad
>> as well, Dan, as it were. You were on
the inside with the Markles really
finding out what was going on behind the
scenes.
>> Yeah. But do you know what's
interesting, Tash? Do you know the only
reason I did it was because, and this is
one of the reasons why I speak out
against the royal rota, and I know not
everyone likes that because they look at
someone like Rebecca English and they
think, "Oh, she's a nice person." And
yes, we're all happy that Rebecca
English won in her court case against
uh Prince Harry. No one's disputing
that. But the [snorts] royal rota were
completely complicit at that time, Tash,
in a cover-up in regards to the behavior
of Meghan Markle.
And I knew her behavior was appalling.
And remember, I was in the mainstream
media, yes, but I was totally outside of
the royal rota, and my role was
executive editor of The Sun. So, I had
quite a lot of power within the
mainstream media to actually chase my
own stories. And there was a terrible
woman, she actually hosts a podcast now,
honestly one of the worst people I've
ever worked with called Emily Andrews.
You may have seen her on royal podcasts,
and apologies if you like her and think
she's a nice person, but she she was a
terrible terrible person covering up for
Meghan Markle and trying to stop my
original reporting on Meghan Markle. But
she wasn't getting any of the scoops,
and my editor was like, "What's really
going on?" And I was determined to to
find out, and I did find out. And Tasha,
I've just been looking back over the
past 10 years, and I even wrote, this is
in November 2018.
And remember, this is quite a bold thing
for me to do given I'm still within the
mainstream media, and I wrote at the
time,
"The Duchess of Sussex, formerly known
as Meghan Markle, and the Duchess
[clears throat] of Cambridge, formerly
known as Kate Middleton, don't
particularly like each other. There, I
said it. This week, many royal
correspondents and commentators, the
vast majority in the pocket of the PR
teams for the royal households,
tap-danced and tiptoed around the thorny
issue. But as loyal readers know, I
prefer to tell it straight and simply
report the facts as they are, which is
why I was the first to reveal this very
royal feud." On November the 9th, in an
exclusive that was much discussed by
royal watchers internationally, I
reported that the fed-up queen, God
bless her, warned Prince Harry over
Meghan's behavior before their wedding.
And you've got to remember, Tasha, at
that point, all of the royal rota
correspondents, Emily Andrews, Rebecca
English, Camilla Tominey, the whole load
of them were saying, "Nothing to see
here. Meghan's a delight. Everything's
great." And so I knew what the truth
was, and this is something that I've
taken into Outspoken and taken into my
independent career, but I also took it
to GB News, actually, when I was at GB
News, too.
I'm not just going to follow royal PR.
I've got to report the truth, and some
people don't like that, but I think
everyone supported me when that meant
exposing the truth about Meghan Markle.
So, it's been an interesting journey.
But, Ash, what I wanted to do is go
through Outspoken's 10 worst moments,
chronologically,
with Meghan Markle. Well, honestly, I
had to really a test it was like a list
of 50.
And so, I really had to think about
[laughter] like what were the key
moments. Okay, what were the key
moments, and we'll swap notes as we go.
And this is all chronological, and I
kicked off, Tash, and this is what did
it for me. The subhuman treatment of
Thomas Markle. That was what started it
for me. The fact that Harry hadn't even
met the guy. He hadn't even spoken to
him properly.
>> Yeah, that was a massive red flag,
wasn't it? When he went in for a radio
interview as well, and he turned around
and said that they were going to be the
family that she never had. So, it was
very apparent that Meghan was telling
lies, that she was like an orphan Annie,
that she grew up in absolute poverty,
that she had nothing. Obviously, this is
Meghan trying to get Harry to be her
hero and to save her. This is why Harry
got Meghan to go to that first
Christmas, despite them, I think they
weren't engaged. She was a girlfriend,
and that went against all previous royal
girlfriends, because normally you have
to have a ring on your finger to go,
because he said that Meghan would be
alone, she's got no one to love her. And
it shows the manipulation that Meghan
was capable of, but the treatment of her
father was something that I have always
been disgusted by. I think many people
it it hit people, I think, that have
lost their fathers, as well. People that
would give a second, you know, you give
absolutely anything to have that moment
again.
And I think that resonated with a lot of
people where he just adored her her
entire life. And for Harry to not even
have had the basic respect, the basic
decency to meet him, and it was becoming
all the more obvious that something
shady was going on as well because
he was meant to be walking her down the
aisle, but Harry had never met him.
They'd never flown him over to the UK
like they did Doria. He hadn't even had
a suit fitted. It was obvious before
Thomas did those photographs that he
wasn't going to go to that wedding. I
don't think Meghan ever had any
intentions of dear old dad going because
Thomas Markle would out her for all of
the lies that she's told, and that's the
very same reason why she didn't want any
friends, any family, even her Suits
costars when it came to the evening
reception of the wedding. They were
allowed to come during the day for the
photos, so it made, you know, the public
see, "Oh, Meghan does have people. Oh,
look, there's some of her Suits
costars." But they were not invited to
the evening because Meghan had told so
many lies, in my opinion, she couldn't
risk them going around having a few
drinks and sinking some of those ships.
But yeah, it was awful.
>> Then the next moment, Tash,
for me was tiara gazing and the
pre-wedding behavior, which I just got
into. But the key thing, Tash, and this
is, I think, what always informed my
reporting right from the start,
was that it was the Queen
who was unhappy.
And it just made everything so different
right from the start because they
couldn't just blame courtiers or or men
in gray suits, Tash. It was the Queen.
It was the Queen. She picked up the
phone directly to Prince Harry and said,
"Meghan cannot behave like this." And I
was so happy that actually I was able to
confirm the Queen's involvement because
it really did mean Harry and Meghan. I
mean, they still tried, of course, but
it made it much harder for them to deny
the depths of concern.
>> Yeah, I mean, the way that they treated
everybody from the moment that she
joined, it was clearly obvious that
Meghan was not treating anybody around
her nicely, the staff. But for the Queen
to have to get involved so many times
to tell Meghan, "You don't talk to the
staff like that. You don't treat our
chefs like that. You don't treat the
gardeners like that. This is not how we
treat Meghan, you know, that you can't
just have what you want. This is the
tiara you're going to have."
I just cannot imagine someone Meghan at
the time was also trying to It's a bit
like her One minute she's marching down
the carpet sashaying like she's a
superstar and the next minute she's
doing the coy hand over mouth like, "I'm
so shy. I'm a little wallflower." act.
This was very similar. She was trying to
tell the world that she's really
down-to-earth. Yet, behind the scenes,
she was a diva like had never entered in
the royal family before. She was
demanding, she was rude, she was
horrible to everybody because Meghan
obviously feels like it makes her feel
powerful and she was encouraging that
sort of behavior in Harry. Yes, Harry,
you can speak to people like they are a,
you know, a piece of dog muck on your
shoe. Yes, you can do this. I mean,
there are so many different reports that
came out. The Queen spoke to her.
William spoke to her. Do not continue to
treat people like this. And Meghan is
incapable of treating people nicely
because she sees everybody as either
someone
that is going to be of use to her. And
whilst they are of use, she'll love bomb
them to death and that's why celebrities
and famous people say she's the nicest,
sweetest person that you could ever meet
in your entire life. But anybody else
that's worked with her, worked for her,
or even perhaps someone that was once a
former friend has said,
"When she turns on you, she really
turns. She really is the master of
deception, that one.
>> A third lowlight for me, Tash, was the
bullying.
And it was first called out by
Catherine, the Princess of Wales, and I
think people often forget that. I was
the first to break the news, November
2018.
>> And the nanny.
>> Well, actually, at that point, it was
more about the staff in and around the
palace, sort of, you know, the shared
staff, because they shared a whole
>> They gather weren't they?
>> Yes, but but obviously, Tash, what I
then didn't know
was the PA actually was you know, the
woman who had worked for Robbie
Williams.
>> Melissa Touabti.
>> Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. But but at
that point we didn't know that, we
didn't have names. But what I knew is
that Catherine was horrified, and I
didn't use the B word at that point, you
know, you've got to be very careful. I
was the first to do it, so it was
Catherine raising issues about the way
Meghan spoke to their shared staff at
Kensington Palace. But it was the start
of the bullying revelations that would
get much worse.
>> Yeah, I mean, it really is horrific when
you go back
and you think how many complaints there
have been. How many? I mean, that that
there was not one or two people she has
bullied. She has been horrific to people
in the royal family, since departing the
royal family. We even know from Archwell
staff, those that were brave enough to
speak to um
I think it was Was it Vanity Fair they
got it or the Hollywood Reporter or
both, actually? I think I think both
publications.
>> American staff, which is what's so
interesting.
>> The behavior has continued. So, it goes
to show it validates all of those
stories that came out, the stories that
you broke as well, that she was being
nasty to palace staff. And it validated
not only was she a bully, but the royals
were shocked and horrified that they
were having to intervene. This is a
woman, as I said in one breath, is
trying to act like that she's
down-to-earth, she's a nice normal girl.
This is what as the mainstream media
reported, this is the breath of fresh
air that the royal family need. She
wasn't a breath of fresh air, she was a
tornado from hell. She was trying to
tear everything and anybody that she
felt got into her path to pieces. Meghan
was not a breath of fresh air in any
way, shape, or form, but I will give her
some credit because I will have said
this that I feel she did the royal
family a favor because she took out the
weakest link, a bit like Wallis Simpson
did when she got um Prince Edward to
abdecate because obviously we ended up
with a better king. So, you know, there
there are there are there are small wins
in this mess. There are small wins.
>> Tash, the next moment, fourth moment,
fourth of lowlight. I've described this
as moon bump gate and the birth riddle.
And again, I was the first to write
about this. Look at it, 10th of May
2019,
call the mishap, royal baby news, Meghan
Markle and Prince Harry forced to deny
claims they stage managed Archie's
birth. And I sent eight queries to
Buckingham Palace about that shocking
behavior, which they did address on the
record, but it was very obvious right
from day one that she was doing
something weird with her births.
But first, the number one worst fruit
for your waistline. Are you turning
healthy fruits into highly unhealthy
fruits without even realizing it? Fruit
can be one of the healthiest things you
can put into your body, but the majority
of Americans are guilty of making this
single mistake that can counteract all
of the health benefits of fruit. Some
fruits help with occasional
constipation, reduce bloating, and even
help burn calories. Others can wreak
havoc on your digestive system and
energy levels. I came across this viral
presentation from world-renowned surgeon
Dr. Steven Gundry that showcases the
three fruits to stop eating today, and
it was shocking. I had no idea. And
after finding it out, I've stopped
eating these two. I'm going to put a
link for you all to watch it because I
want you to gain this information. I
think it's truly important. You can
watch it right now at the
healthyfat.com/outspoken.
That's the healthyfat.com/outspoken.
I
also linked it in the description box
below the video, too, so make sure to
click on it or just go to the
healthyfat.com/outspoken.
Oh, and by the way, eliminating these
fruits could forever change the way we
help increase energy levels, decrease
brain fog, support digestion, and even
lose weight. So, make sure to click
below or go to the
healthyfat.com/outspoken
to find out now. Dr. Gundry has lost 70
lb himself using his research and has
kept the weight off for over 20 years
and counting. His digestive issues are
gone, his health is fantastic, and he
feels younger and healthier today than
he did in his 40s. His video has been
watched by over 20 million people to
date, and you can watch and learn more
about it at the
healthyfat.com/outspoken.
It's linked at the bottom of this video,
but he'll teach you exactly how he has
kept his weight off for free at the
healthyfat.com/outspoken.
Just click on the link in the
description below the video. But, now
back to the show.
>> Oh, yeah, she was. She They They played
so many games, and it's never made sense
to a lot of people, but it's also
enabled the conspiracy theories, if you
can call them that. Some are
conspiracies, but some of them are just
people looking at it logically. Anybody
that's ever carried a baby, for example,
has turned around and said there's no
way that you can, at 8 9 months
pregnant, that large, you know, bend
down to the floor in 5-in stilettos with
your knees together because the baby
literally doesn't squish up in itself.
It cannot go anywhere. Bump's a solid,
but it's the fact she doesn't even
wobble as she stands up. Oh, Meghan does
yoga. Yoga Yoga does not teach you
something like that. But again, because
of the games that Meghan and Harry
played
let's move away from the moon bump
theory, but even the messing about
saying that she'd gone into labor or no,
the baby had been born. Harry, when he
came out when they you know, this
photograph is perfect. When they showed
the baby to the world, they refused to
show the baby to the world. That baby is
wrapped up so tight. You can just about
see a nose and an eye. They only allowed
one person in there, I think it was,
wasn't it, Dan? There was only one
person that was allowed to ask questions
and to film Archie, and Harry refused to
even turn the baby to the camera. You
know, it was the whole thing was
bizarre.
>> Exactly. And what did they have to hide?
Why why why? What what what were they so
so worried about?
>> They caused this storm and they continue
to do so about both of their children
and the surrogacy and that video, that
awful tacky chavy dancing, twerking with
um
curtains up her dress. I mean,
seriously. Yeah.
>> Number five, Tash, was the moment where
they left, Megxit, and lying to me.
Lying to me to try and stop me breaking
the story. That is something that Prince
Harry actually ended up admitting in his
autobiography, Spare. And then I think
we take a break over COVID and come to
number six and number seven and number
eight, Tash. Moments we will never
forget. Yes, because we have these three
critical post-Megxit moments. That's how
I see them.
First, the Oprah Winfrey interview as
Prince Philip lay dying. Seven, the
Netflix Harry and Meghan docu-series
with those attacks on the royal family,
attacks on the institution, and Spare,
which I think then continued a full-on
kamikaze
desire to bring down the British royal
family. And all three, Tash, are so
significant,
but I think in a way can be grouped
together because for me, after those
three moments, there was no going back.
There was no going back. They may try,
but there is no going back after those
three incidents.
>> Yeah, they were the three main ones.
Obviously, we've had additional
interviews, additional podcasts,
additional magazine interviews, and all
sorts of things, but they were the three
big major ones where they held so many
allegations, and they didn't just air
dirty laundry. I mean, this was
literally someone that
that was a member of that family, that
loved their family, that grew up
demanding his own privacy, that was
suing the media outlets because his
privacy had been breached in his in his
mind. And and then yeah, here he was
doing the biggest breach
on the royal family that has ever been
known in history. I mean, revealing that
Prince William was circumcised. You
cannot get much more personal than that.
It wasn't just Harry revealing details
about himself. He was revealing intimate
things about his family. He said that
King Charles reeked and stank and
recoiled. People recoiled from him.
These are very nasty, malicious things.
His brother was bald, he said his
brother His brother doesn't look
anything like Princess Diana. I mean,
that in itself is completely delusional.
Prince William's the spit of his mother.
But yes, I mean, his attacks were so
vicious and so cruel. And they're the
personal attacks, let alone all of the
lies, which we know so many of them have
been proved to be complete and utter
lies. And it's actually scary how much
was pushed again, like you said, by the
royal rota, when they knew immediately
that the reason why Archie was not a
prince because they had to wait for the
king to become the king, and then he
would have been entitled to it as a
grandchild of the monarch. They knew the
rules. Of course, they knew the rules,
but they still pushed it. They still
peddled it. So, yeah, it's um they are
definitely the three big
big things that they did, and there's no
there's no coming back from that. I I I
cannot see them ever being allowed back.
>> And then we come to my ninth lowlight,
Tash, but I think this is when things
had turned a bit, and all of a sudden we
could have a bit of fun, because in some
ways, Tash,
>> Yeah.
>> we won. Because yes, they had those
three terrible moments, but we, and I
talk about this as a collective, a
community, so many people doing such
incredible work, so many anonymous
accounts on X, you know, Megan's Markle,
Royal Grifter, so many we can talk
about, exactly, doing so much work. And
and in some ways, by the ninth lowlight,
we'd won. Because for me, it's the
launch of With Love, Meghan, and Was
Never. And it's almost the failure,
Tash, because sure, by this point we've
had the end of the Spotify deal, Bill
Simmons saying effing grifters, you
know, there's been a whole whole load of
moments leading up to it, but I think it
was With Love, Meghan, and Was Never,
and it's like, this ain't going to work.
And it's your own fault.
>> They they had gone from people being
scared that they were going to bring
down the monarchy to destroying their
own credibility because of the number of
lies that they told, because of the
petty and vicious things that they said.
People could see, hang on a minute,
these aren't humanitarians, these aren't
even people that I think are actually
mentally stable with some of the stuff
that those two have come out with, and
obviously all of the continuous lies.
So, then when they have done such
terrible things to their own families
and then Megan comes out skipping gaily
around the garden, picking vegetables.
Well, she didn't. She got them from the
farmer's market. But, you know, and then
trying to push this whole sweetness,
love, and kindness. It was so fake. But,
yes, you can just laugh at them. At this
point, we got South Park. Now, that one,
I don't know if you had that in there.
I'm sorry if I've just like ruined
something
>> you know what, Tash? I didn't, but I
think you're right, actually. I think
it's almost a more important moment
because
>> That was like
>> Yeah.
>> the closing point between those three
big major things and then them being a
complete and utter mess, a laugh. People
poke fun at them. But, yeah, I would say
in between that, that finished it for
them, really, because they hit the nail
on the head. But,
>> And Tash, then it brings us bang up to
date and the 10th lowlight, and I would
say this is where we go back to being
very worried.
And it is the desperate return to the
UK.
And it does matter because it's like
it's almost coming full circle, isn't
it? It's like, "Oh, drats.
Things are almost so bad that now
they're pretending that they don't hate
us. That now they're pretending that
they didn't tell us all that we were
racist, Tash, and they want back in."
>> They're gaslighting. And again, some of
the royal reporters have jumped straight
back on in full support of Megan.
>> Showing us how terrible they are.
>> Yeah, you know, that they're pushing
this whole story about, you know, oh,
poor Harry and Meghan and the royals
really should let them back because,
well,
I can't think of a single reason why
they should. Harry and Meghan have
spoken about giving an apology, but
they've never given an apology. Prince
Philip dying mere weeks after Oprah, you
think that that would have made them go,
"Oh, actually, do you know what? We
really did badly time that." You weren't
lying about Prince Philip's health. You
weren't lying to muzzle Meghan. Remember
that story that got put out there? You
know, but they've never apologized for
any of it because they're not sorry for
any of it, and they will do it again.
You'd have to be a complete to not
see that Harry and Meghan are totally
capable of doing it again, and I think
there is more chance that the reason why
they are circling the royal family like
sharks at the moment because they are
intending to do something like that
again. You only have to look at the
recent failure, which is Cookie Queens,
with people calling them still box
office poison. The only thing they've
ever been good at is actually trashing
the royals. And in one sense, it's true.
It is true. The only decent thing that
they earned money from, their biggest
paychecks have been attacking the royal
family. They are not after a
reconciliation. I think you'd have to be
completely deluded to think so. They
want to get in close enough so they can
cause problems, and then they will
financially gain from it. That's my
entire full circle moment when it comes
to them. They are just circling the
royal family because they need content.
They need something to sell. And I
really don't think that the king is so
stupid not to see through it. I know
there's a big push that the king just
wants to reconcile with his darling,
darling boy. But I just I can't see that
he is being taken in for it because the
king only met him a few years ago for 45
minutes, and he's only had another what,
50 minute with him since over the course
of the last couple of years. Harry and
Meghan can push and they can pedal their
Sussex propaganda as much as they want,
and they can have the backing of certain
royal reporters. It doesn't mean that
it's going to be true, and I think
there's far too many of us out there
now, Dan, that
will never have the wool pulled over our
eyes ever again.
>> Indeed. And some of us didn't, luckily,
at the start. Tash, [laughter] according
to Tash, oh, it's been cathartic. And
this is why you need to go and follow,
subscribe according to Taz because she
was there, right? She was doing this
before the mainstream media, okay? So,
make sure you support her [laughter] and
subscribe to her incredible channel. And
Tash, uh
keep on being honest about it. According
to Taz, and thank you so much for your
support over this past 10 years, as
well. You know, Outspoken is now on
Substack, and I would love you to be
part of our community. The important
thing, especially in terms of what I'm
talking about today, is that I work
outside the mainstream media, outside of
the royal road to completely
independent. Your support allows me to
do that. The address to sign up, it's
very easy, by the way, very quick, and I
would be so grateful. message me
directly there, www.outspoken.live.
Dan Wootton Outspoken is your no-spin,
no-bias, no-censorship outlet for
independent news. We have no big tech
backing or billionaires pulling my
strings, but that does mean I need your
support. [music] So, please hit
subscribe on YouTube, turn on the
notification bell, and subscribe to Dan
Wootton Outspoken on Spotify or Apple
Podcasts. It's totally free, but allows
me to continue my promise to always keep
fighting for you.