Oh, what's that? What's that? Just the
biggest Sussex PR disaster since Chris
Kardashian's photo gate. Yep. After this
mortifying snub by David Foster on the
red carpet in Canada over the weekend,
rather than just do what any human being
would do and accept that David Foster
can't actually stand you and was just
walking by before being forced into some
which is rather than just accept that,
it has now turned into an international
storm with Prince Harry and Meghan
Markle effectively twisting the
Grammy-winning producers arm and
insisting that he releases a statement
to their propagandists at People
magazine, which has surprise, surprise,
just exploded
the whole story. So, how did we get
here? Well, initially,
the Sussexes tried to move away from
this sort of disaster by briefing the
Daily Mail about what went down and they
thought that that might be enough.
The article read, "Meghan Markle
suffered what looked like an awkward
exchange with Prince Harry's long-time
friend David Foster at the musician's
charity event in Canada last Friday. In
the viral clip, Foster appeared to
completely ignore Meghan as she eagerly
extended her arm out to greet him on the
red carpet before he swiftly walked past
her to pose to the left of his much
younger wife Katharine McPhee for a
group photo."
Then, by the way, Meghan pushed
Katharine McPhee out the way and
desperately flirted with David. We
covered that on yesterday's show. The
Duchess played the moment off expertly
by quickly tucking her floating arm
behind her back before leaning into her
tuxedo-clad husband. Oh, wasn't she just
wonderful? However, all is not what it
seemed As sources close to Foster have
now exclusively revealed to the Daily
Mail the truth behind the perceived
snub.
Foster wanted Harry and Meghan, the
exclusive insider insisted, adding that
the composer genuinely just didn't see
that he has ever found her on the red
carpet. He's always been a big fan of
Diana and he'd never snub either of
them. Yeah, fan of Diana, isn't that
telling? That's what you call damning
with faint praise. It was a genuine
moment where he didn't see them and
nobody really thought much of it. It's
nothing. A second insider, wonder who
that was, was so excited to see Harry
and Meghan as he is long-time friends
with the couple who also reside in
Southern California's affluent town of
Montecito. Now, look, you know, I deal
in facts here in Outspoken.
Do not tell me
something that I can see with my own
eyes. Of course, he snubbed Meghan
Markle. You know, he's not blind.
You'd have to be Helen Keller to not
actually work out that you were
walking right past Meghan Markle in that
moment. We've all well, maybe not all of
us, but we know how red carpets operate.
The flashes were not going at that
moment. He clearly knew who Meghan was.
But when the Daily Mail briefing didn't
work, Foster forced to go on the record
by Harry and Meghan. And this is why
celebrities want nothing to do with
these two because mountains are
constantly made out of molehills.
And here was the headline.
No,
David Foster did not snub dear friend
Meghan Markle on the red carpet at
charity event. So, basically, what you
saw with your own eyes didn't happen,
says Meghan propagandist.
And then we come to the statement. It's
like, David Foster, come on, you're an
accomplished guy. You've got a lovely
successful wife in the former American
Idol contestant Katharine McPhee. You
don't need to be doing this, mate. You
know how awful they are. But, he did.
Speaking out in defense of long-time
friend Meghan Markle after a viral video
misrepresented
a recent red carpet moment between the
two. Now, again,
I'll just clarify, no one is suggesting
that the footage was edited. No one was
suggesting that the footage was AI. He
snubbed her.
Now, he might regret it in this moment
because it's turned into an
international firestorm, but he did snub
her.
Here's the statement issued exclusively
to People magazine. And they say the
legendary producer, 76, shut down
reports that he snubbed the Duchess of
Sussex. And here's what he said. Wonder
who really wrote this.
As the host of the David Foster and
Friends Foundation event, I had already
greeted our friends, the Duke and
Duchess, at the entrance 10 minutes
before the red carpet encounter.
They both graciously and selflessly gave
their time and went beyond to engage
with everyone. Harry and Meghan are dear
friends of mine. Anyone watching can see
there was no awkward moment and
certainly no snub.
It's sad that certain media, who are you
talking to, choose to deceive
by misrepresenting a red carpet
encounter for clickbait.
They turned simple positioning
to get the best photo
into a hurtful lie.
Now, folks, I'm going to level with you
here.
Do you really think that's how David
Foster talks?
Do you really think that's how the
straight, manly music producer who's
been in this industry for decades, who's
dealt with monsters for decades, really
talks?
They turned simple positioning to get
the best photo into a hurtful lie.
No, no, no, no.
David Foster
did not write this statement.
My belief is that Meghan Markle wrote
this statement.
Her PR team handed it on to Foster and
McPhee who reluctantly via their teams
agreed to issue it to People magazine,
which was a big mistake.
The Royal News Network posting on this,
"This snub story is just sheer stupidity
and demonstrates how bad Harry and
Meghan's PR is and how the media is so
hungry for stories that they'll amplify
nonsense on social media for a headline.
This is why associating with Harry and
Meghan just isn't worth it."
To Paula Froelich of Paula Froelich
Uncensored, who for years has covered
these types of celebrity storms,
"But I'm sorry, Paula, can you see any
reason why the release of the statement
was a good idea? It has now amplified
what was sort of awkward embarrassing
moment, but one that hadn't really moved
into the mainstream media, a legitimate
story being covered all over the globe."
But first, if you're turning 65 in
America, Medicare is about to land in
your lap and nobody prepares you for it.
You pay in your entire working life,
right? And then you're suddenly expected
to sort through thousands of plans and
alphabet soup of parts and a mountain of
mail. If you pick wrong, it could cost
you for years.
This is overwhelming and it is not your
fault. So, here is the good news. You
don't have to figure it out alone.
Chapter is the only Medicare advisor
that compares every plan nationwide. You
talk to a real licensed advisor, not a
chatbot, and they will ask you about
your doctors, your prescriptions, and
your priorities. Then they'll match you
to a plan that actually fits your life.
No pressure, no sales pitch, and it
costs you nothing. One free call under
20 minutes, and you'll walk away with
real answers. So, call 814-813-4918
and get Medicare right the first time. A
real person, a free conversation, and
some proper clarity about your Medicare
options. That's 814-813-4918.
But now, back to the show.
>> It's absolutely insane, Dan. And it's
really a replay of what happened with
Martha Stewart last week. You take
something, and instead of ignoring it
and letting it die, you make someone
come out with a statement, and all of a
sudden there's second day, third day,
fourth day news on something that
shouldn't have been amplified at all,
but they keep doing it over and over and
over. And you've seen this happen,
frankly, since they left the royal
family. And it's something it's the
Meghan playbook in her mind, where she's
saying, "They never fought back for me."
And maybe this is why they didn't
answer, and by they I mean the royal
family, didn't answer every claim
because not every slight needs to be
acknowledged, or not every perceived
slight, or anything. She just keeps
doing it over and over. But I'll be
frank with you. I think the real slight
came not from David Foster, but I think
it came from Jamie Kern Lima, her former
best friend, who last year would was
leaving gushing birthday notes and all
of this kind of stuff on
the internet, and of course put out that
weird video we all laughed at. Or it was
Yeah, it was last year. And the problem
is this year she didn't put out anything
at all and now has a lovely podcast
going on about how to deal with a
narcissist.
>> Who could she be talking about, Paula?
>> I'm not sure, but I do think it's
interesting that the biggest snobs came
>> [clears throat]
>> from the people who were actually quiet.
Serena didn't wish her happy birthday.
Of course, they're not really talking
anymore. Beyoncé, she of the text,
didn't do anything. The Kardashians also
insanely quiet. The only people who
wished her happy birthday were Kelly
Zafgen and Tracy Robbins.
>> Don't you think it's very telling,
Paula, that one of the reasons so many
of these people are walking away
is because of this exact
David Foster debacle.
Like no celebrities want to be dragged
unnecessarily
into a storm. And this is now happening
with quite disturbing regularity. I
mean, you're completely right, of
course, to to mention the Martha Stewart
debacle last week. But remember the
Kardashian 70th Kris Jenner's 70th
birthday wasn't that long ago and it
completely overshadowed what was a major
night for Kris, who, whatever you think
of her, has had an incredible career, an
incredible life, and Jeff Bezos was
hosting this party for her. She got the
great and the good there, and all anyone
was talking about was Harry and Meghan
because of the way that they chose to
escalate something that was quite small
into a major international scandal. This
is what they do. They can just never
shut up.
>> No, and they also don't think ahead. So,
if we're talking about the Kardashian
birthday party, Look at Beyoncé and
Jay-Z who didn't go through the main
entrance, asked to go through the side
door so there were no actual arrival
photos of them. But Meghan and Harry
don't even think far enough ahead for
Meghan to have worn a poppy on her weird
black dress that evening because of
course it was Remembrance Day. And you
just think, come on you guys, there's no
planning, there's no foresight. And then
when the you know what hits the fan,
you're on the back foot and you amplify
bad press making everything about you
instead of the event it was supposed to
be about. Again, what was that David
Foster event for?
>> Yeah, exactly. No one knows. And by the
way, I'm pretty certain Meghan wasn't
dipping into her own pocket. Uh I just
want to show you this this Jamie Kern
Lima comment that you referred to on her
Facebook because if indeed it is true
that there has been a split, this does
seem pretty pointed to me what she's
written, Paula. So look at this, she
writes, "Wondering if someone in your
life is a narcissist? Or maybe you've
even asked, what if I'm a narcissist?"
Communica coach, communication coach and
expert Jefferson Fisher shares something
comforting right off the bat. If you're
asking if you are one, you're probably
not one because true narcissists don't
ask, they don't reflect, they don't do
empathy, they only do themselves.
Mm, again, it all just feels rather
pointed as you say
on the week where there was no birthday
message at all.
>> at all. And you know, there are a lot of
people who were like, well, maybe they
sent it privately, but in Meghan's world
if you don't send something publicly, it
didn't happen. And also the video
before.
You see, like Abigail Spencer last year,
you know, her Suits coaster last year
went public, this year did not.
Well, that doesn't make any sense.
>> Mhm, I think it does make sense because
I think people just have had
enough. So, on the show that I did on my
channel last night, I now host
[clears throat] this daily show called
The Daily BS, and I put up Jamie Kern
Lima's first video with Megan side by
side by this video she's done by herself
talking about how do you get rid of a
narcissist in your life? And I thought,
well, you pretty much did it right
there, babe.
>> [laughter]
[gasps]
>> Oh god. Oh god. And and and like, do you
think David Foster and Katharine McPhee,
who are this
very privileged couple who have managed
to have a relatively stable marriage by
Hollywood standards, and given her fame,
I mean, she was a big big star when she
was on American Idol, on the whole, they
tend to stay out of tabloid drama. Do
you think they will be mortified that
they have been dragged into this? And do
you agree with me, Paula, and I know
I can't prove this, but that did not
read like David Foster's words. It was
issued in his name, but nothing about
that statement felt like the way that he
talks. It feels like the way Megan
talks.
>> Well, it feels like a PR statement,
which is what it was. So, it was likely
his PR team. They both have PR team.
And you know, I I think annoyed is the
better word. Like, uh god. You know,
let's be fair. The Foster Foundation
only got press this year because of this
incident and only got press because
Megan and Harry showed up. So, on one
hand he needed that because nobody else
was getting press from that event. But,
at the same time, you know, it always
just ends up bad. It always ends up
looking bad.
>> Speaking of looking bad, this drugs
cover-up involving Prince Harry
really seems to be deepening. The
Heritage Foundation's Nile Gardiner, who
has of course been at the forefront of
demanding the documentation from your
government, Paula, says the legal battle
continues in Washington for the release
of Prince Harry's US immigration
records. The US State Department has a
staggering 307 documents relating to
Prince Harry's US visa application. I
urge, and this is the critical moment,
he is copying in Marco Rubio,
the uh Secretary of State to release the
documents to the American people.
Remember, Heritage Foundation is a
right-wing think tank very much aligned
with Rubio. According to Tads on this,
claiming by not releasing this
information, it's as good as publicly
admitting that rules were broken for him
and that exceptions were made. They are
only hiding it because of the public
backlash it would create. The most
privileged crybaby in the world. And Lee
Cohen Tea with Lee is blaming the former
US president, writing, "Joe Biden's
pathetic leadership made a mockery of US
immigration policy by giving special
treatment not to an important world
figure or a diplomat, but to a restless,
self-serving loser who performs no
valuable service to anyone. Harry
betrayed both family and country."
What's interesting is my friend Samantha
Markle, Meghan Markle's sister, has also
weighed in on this, writing, "Harry is a
Biden buddy, has been in cahoots,
campaigned against the president,
and Rubio."
She goes on to say he worked with the
Aspen Institute to censor American free
speech, used his title against the
Constitution to interfere in American
politics without authorization or
qualification, as did my sister.
The overall point there, Paula, being
why is Prince Harry
being protected
by this Republican administration?
>> I don't know if he is.
I am I understand their frustration, and
I understand that they want these
documents through the Freedom of
Information Act, but again, you would
think that if somebody was going to
protect him, it would be the Biden
administration, certainly not the Trump
administration.
So, I don't know the legal's ins and
outs, and I also don't know what is
happening, so I can't really speak on
that, but I doubt
he is being protected. If there is some
sort of protection, it is only because
of Donald Trump's love of King Charles.
So,
maybe daddy came in and saved the day
again. I'm not sure.
>> That is my suspicion.
You say, "That is my real suspicion
here. It always has been.
I've always been very open about this.
Of course, Trump can't stand Harry,
certainly can't stand Meghan, but does
he want to embarrass
the king? Does he want to make life more
difficult for Prince William?"
Uh the answer, absolutely not.
>> Mhm. Uh although, to be fair Oh, I was
just going to say, to be fair, if we can
get the Epstein documents, why can't we
get Harry's?
>> Exactly.
>> Epstein documents were much more
damaging and embarrassing
>> Exactly.
>> involved.
>> Exactly. And and also like
governments all over the world need to
realize that these cover-ups can only
last for so long. It's actually just
better to get ahead of these things
because I think eventually the the
demand for it will will just become too
great. Apollo, I want to talk about
these new fears for Prince George. Now,
this is after the royalist Substack
revealed that no photography signs have
been put up throughout Eton College,
where of course Britain's future king
will stu- soon be starting his career.
So, here is the reporting
from the royalist, uh which says the
first warning signs are already visible.
They read no photography.
And they've been springing up around
Eton College ahead of the arrival of
Prince George in early September.
Officially, the Berkshire school says
the signs have nothing to do with the
enrollment of the 13-year-old prince.
They are part of a wider plan to protect
the privacy of all Eton's pupils, not
just George.
That doesn't quite ring true, they
report, given how careful Prince William
and Princess Catherine have been to
protect their children from an intrusive
press for reasons we all of course
understand. William himself was an Eton
boy, and during his time in the uh media
access
the media access to the young prince was
tightly controlled. The same will be
true for George, but those signs put up
around the college will be aimed not
just at stray paparazzi or curious
tourists, but at George's fellow pupils,
too.
In the age of ubiquitous smartphones and
always-on social media, the prince's
future friends and classmates pose just
as great a potential privacy risk as
prying outsiders. For Prince George and
every high-profile teenager, everything
could become international news within
minutes. Royal broadcaster and
photographer Helena Chard told Fox News
Digital. However, British royal expert
Hilary Fordwich pointed out that because
many of the students at Eton are from
extremely wealthy and well-connected
families, there are unwritten rules of
conduct where throwing a pupil to the
media risks being ostracized from the
inner circles. What then can his parents
do to protect George even further?
Reports suggest William and Catherine
may be planning to use a strategy they
have tried before when they were dating
to keep the press at arms length, a
gentleman's agreement with the British
press. The University of St. Andrews was
grateful to William and Catherine. The
British media should get some credit
here, royal author and broadcaster Simon
Vega told GB News. Catherine and William
will no doubt do what they can to
protect George from the dangers of the
smartphone era along with the Eton
College masters. It helps that Harry's
fellow pupils are all young gentlemen
and are taught to behave properly. Boys
will be boys though, even the poshest
ones.
And the thing is, Paula, I don't think
they do have this protection at the
moment. I'll tell you why actually. A
friend of mine's son is at Eton and I'm
constantly seeing on her story lots of
pictures of what goes on at the school,
on sports days.
And none of the parents I've spoken to
about it None of the parents are warned
not to post that sort of photography or
at least up until this point haven't
been warned. So, while I think they will
be wanting to make clear or at least try
and make out to the pupils that this
isn't about Prince George, personally I
think it is because they haven't had
these types of limitations on
photography before.
While Harry and Meghan demand special
treatment and attack the royals, the
mainstream media still protects them. On
outspoken, I call it out with no bias.
So, subscribe right now for the full
story everyday.
>> I think George is going to be okay while
he's at Eton, and here's why.
You get into Eton, you're not stupid.
Your parents aren't stupid. They want
you to keep going to school there and
keep making friends there so that you
can be even more successful when you're
done. And everyone around is pretty much
aware if you take photos of George and
post them, your position at Eton will
likely be in trouble. Now, God forbid
you take photos of George maybe acting
like a fool.
Your position at Eton will definitely be
in trouble. So, posting the signs no
photography allowed means you break the
rules, you're allowed to be kicked out.
And I don't think that's going to
happen. I think the bigger problem for
George will be as he gets older, turns
14, 15, wants to go have a drink with
his friends, or maybe like his dad wants
to go into a public nightclub, he's
going to have a real problem. I think
Eton, he will be okay.
>> And some lovely news in terms of the
young royals today, Rebecca English, the
head of the royal rota, announcing
having achieved the grades he needed
because today is the big day for that
here in the United Kingdom, Paula. The
Earl of Wessex, young James, will be
going to the Royal Agricultural
University to study rural land and
property management. He will head
straight there without taking a gap
year. And Paula, this is the son, of
course, of the Duke and Duchess of
Edinburgh,
Edward and Sophie. He has always
rejected a royal title or any of those
sort of perks and privileges, I guess,
that come with being a royal. Uh, by all
accounts, a
well-balanced young man, but according
to Tatler, too, Paula, now one of the
most eligible bachelors in the United
Kingdom, well, in the world, I think
Tatler said, actually.
>> Well, let's be clear. He's young, he's
rich.
>> you, Paula, okay? Just saying.
>> fine. I'm not a cougar yet, but
or a tiger or whatever they call people,
but here's the deal. He's young, he's
rich, he's not married, and he's
good-looking. Of course, he's eligible,
and of course, people are going to be
throwing their hats in the rings. But,
I'm just excited that he's going to do
agricultural because he's really taking
his position and his family's state
stately home, Bagshot Park, really
seriously. You know, a lot of people who
live in these homes and who own them,
and I use that with air quotes because
the thing is, they know they are just
stewards of the property for next
generation, and he wants to make sure
he's a good steward. It's a lot of land,
and he's showing that he wants to really
take this seriously, and to keep living
there and to keep managing it.
>> Okay, Paula, this is mad. A new word
connected to the Sussexes has just made
it into the Urban Dictionary.
And I actually think it really fits in
with what might be going on in Montecito
with suggestions that Taylor Swift and
Travis Kelce are moving to the area just
as Harry and Meghan may be putting their
home sort of secretly, privately on the
market. So, what we're going to do
is get into it all with Paula Frolick
Uncensored over on Substack as our Royal
Uncanceled Aftershow continues. You know
what to do. Just head to Substack now.
You're going to get twice the length of
what you've seen on YouTube with no ads
whatsoever, and keep me independent and
outside of the Royal Rota.
Get on board with the free speech
revolution. Follow us on Substack, too,
at www.outspoken.live.
Dan Wootton Outspoken is your no spin,
no bias, no censorship outlet for
independent news. We have no big tech
backing or billionaires pulling my
strings, but that does mean I need
[music] your support. So, please hit
subscribe on YouTube, turn on the
notification bell, and subscribe to Dan
Wootton Outspoken on Spotify or Apple
Podcasts. It's free, but allows me to
continue my promise to always keep
fighting for you.